---
subcategory: "appliance"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_appliance_device_claim"
description: |-
  DeviceClaim managed object represents a user initiated claim request for claiming
an endpoint device. There can be many DeviceClaim managed object for a given endpoint
device when users claim and unclaim devices repeatedly.
Claiming an endpoint device is a multi-step operation. The Intersight Appliance
starts a workflow with multiple tasks to process the device claim request. The status
of the device claim operation can be obtained from the claim workflow.
---

# Data Source: intersight_appliance_device_claim
DeviceClaim managed object represents a user initiated claim request for claiming
an endpoint device. There can be many DeviceClaim managed object for a given endpoint
device when users claim and unclaim devices repeatedly.
Claiming an endpoint device is a multi-step operation. The Intersight Appliance
starts a workflow with multiple tasks to process the device claim request. The status
of the device claim operation can be obtained from the claim workflow.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_appliance_device_claim.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `device_id`:(string) Device identifier of the endpoint device. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `hostname`:(string) Hostname or IP address of the endpoint device the user wants to claim. 
* `is_password_set`:(bool) Indicates whether the value of the 'password' property has been set. 
* `is_renew`:(bool) Tracks if this device is to be claimed or certificate renewal. 
* `message`:(string) Message set by the device claim process. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `password`:(string) Password to be used to login to the endpoint device. 
* `platform_type`:(string) Platform type of the endpoint device.* `` - The device reported an empty or unrecognized platform type.* `APIC` - An Application Policy Infrastructure Controller cluster.* `DCNM` - A Data Center Network Manager instance. Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) is the network management platform for all NX-OS-enabled deployments, spanning new fabric architectures, IP Fabric for Media, and storage networking deployments for the Cisco Nexus-powered data center.* `UCSFI` - A UCS Fabric Interconnect in HA or standalone mode, which is being managed by UCS Manager (UCSM).* `UCSFIISM` - A UCS Fabric Interconnect in HA or standalone mode, managed directly by Intersight.* `IMC` - A standalone UCS Server Integrated Management Controller.* `IMCM4` - A standalone UCS M4 Server.* `IMCM5` - A standalone UCS M5 server.* `IMCRack` - A standalone UCS M6 and above server.* `UCSIOM` - An UCS Chassis IO module.* `HX` - A HyperFlex storage controller.* `HyperFlexAP` - A HyperFlex Application Platform.* `IWE` - An Intersight Workload Engine.* `UCSD` - A UCS Director virtual appliance. Cisco UCS Director automates, orchestrates, and manages Cisco and third-party hardware.* `IntersightAppliance` - A Cisco Intersight Connected Virtual Appliance.* `IntersightAssist` - A Cisco Intersight Assist.* `PureStorageFlashArray` - A Pure Storage FlashArray device.* `NexusDevice` - A generic platform type to support Nexus Network Device. This can also be extended to support all network devices later on.* `UCSC890` - A standalone Cisco UCSC890 server.* `NetAppOntap` - A NetApp ONTAP storage system.* `NetAppActiveIqUnifiedManager` - A NetApp Active IQ Unified Manager.* `EmcScaleIo` - An EMC ScaleIO storage system.* `EmcVmax` - An EMC VMAX storage system.* `EmcVplex` - An EMC VPLEX storage system.* `EmcXtremIo` - An EMC XtremIO storage system.* `VmwareVcenter` - A VMware vCenter device that manages Virtual Machines.* `MicrosoftHyperV` - A Microsoft Hyper-V system that manages Virtual Machines.* `AppDynamics` - An AppDynamics controller that monitors applications.* `Dynatrace` - A software-intelligence monitoring platform that simplifies enterprise cloud complexity and accelerates digital transformation.* `NewRelic` - A software-intelligence monitoring platform that simplifies enterprise cloud complexity and accelerates digital transformation.* `ServiceNow` - A cloud-based workflow automation platform that enables enterprise organizations to improve operational efficiencies by streamlining and automating routine work tasks.* `ReadHatOpenStack` - An OpenStack target manages Virtual Machines, Physical Machines, Datacenters and Virtual Datacenters using different OpenStack services as administrative endpoints.* `CloudFoundry` - An open source cloud platform on which developers can build, deploy, run and scale applications.* `MicrosoftAzureApplicationInsights` - A feature of Azure Monitor, is an extensible Application Performance Management service for developers and DevOps professionals to monitor their live applications.* `OpenStack` - An OpenStack target manages Virtual Machines, Physical Machines, Datacenters and Virtual Datacenters using different OpenStack services as administrative endpoints.* `MicrosoftSqlServer` - A Microsoft SQL database server.* `Kubernetes` - A Kubernetes cluster that runs containerized applications.* `AmazonWebService` - A Amazon web service target that discovers and monitors different services like EC2. It discovers entities like VMs, Volumes, regions etc. and monitors attributes like Mem, CPU, cost.* `AmazonWebServiceBilling` - A Amazon web service billing target to retrieve billing information stored in S3 bucket.* `MicrosoftAzureServicePrincipal` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal target that discovers all the associated Azure subscriptions.* `MicrosoftAzureEnterpriseAgreement` - A Microsoft Azure Enterprise Agreement target that discovers cost, billing and RIs.* `DellCompellent` - A Dell Compellent storage system.* `HPE3Par` - A HPE 3PAR storage system.* `RedHatEnterpriseVirtualization` - A Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Hypervisor system that manages Virtual Machines.* `NutanixAcropolis` - A Nutanix Acropolis system that combines servers and storage into a distributed infrastructure platform.* `HPEOneView` - A HPE Oneview management system that manages compute, storage, and networking.* `ServiceEngine` - Cisco Application Services Engine. Cisco Application Services Engine is a platform to deploy and manage applications.* `HitachiVirtualStoragePlatform` - A Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform also referred to as Hitachi VSP. It includes various storage systems designed for data centers.* `IMCBlade` - An Intersight managed UCS Blade Server.* `TerraformCloud` - A Terraform Cloud account.* `TerraformAgent` - A Terraform Cloud Agent that Intersight will deploy in datacenter. The agent will execute Terraform plan for Terraform Cloud workspace configured to use the agent.* `CustomTarget` - An external endpoint added as Target that can be accessed through its HTTP API interface in Intersight Orchestrator automation workflow.Standard HTTP authentication scheme supported: Basic.* `AnsibleEndpoint` - An external endpoint added as Target that can be accessed through Ansible in Intersight Cloud Orchestrator automation workflow.* `HTTPEndpoint` - An external endpoint added as Target that can be accessed through its HTTP API interface in Intersight Orchestrator automation workflow.Standard HTTP authentication scheme supported: Basic, Bearer Token.* `SSHEndpoint` - An external endpoint added as Target that can be accessed through SSH in Intersight Cloud Orchestrator automation workflow.* `CiscoCatalyst` - A Cisco Catalyst networking switch device.* `PowerShellEndpoint` - A Windows machine on which PowerShell scripts can be executed remotely. 
* `request_id`:(string) User defined claim request identifier set by the UI. The RequestId field is not a mandatory. The Intersight Appliance will assign a unique value automatically if the field is not set. 
* `security_token`:(string) Device security token of the endpoint device. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `status`:(string) Status of the device claim process.* `started` - Device claim operation has started.* `failed` - Device claim operation has failed.* `completed` - Device claim operation has completed. 
* `username`:(string) Username to log in to the endpoint device. 
 