---
subcategory: "appliance"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_appliance_system_info"
description: |-
        The Intersight Appliance's system information. SystemInfo is a singleton managed object
        created during the Intersight Appliance setup. The Intersight Appliance updates the
        SystemInfo managed object with up to date cluster status information periodically.

---

# Data Source: intersight_appliance_system_info
The Intersight Appliance's system information. SystemInfo is a singleton managed object
created during the Intersight Appliance setup. The Intersight Appliance updates the
SystemInfo managed object with up to date cluster status information periodically.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_appliance_system_info.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `cloud_conn_status`:(string) Connection state of the Intersight Appliance to the Intersight.* `` - The target details have been persisted but Intersight has not yet attempted to connect to the target.* `Connected` - Intersight is able to establish a connection to the target and initiate management activities.* `NotConnected` - Intersight is unable to establish a connection to the target.* `ClaimInProgress` - Claim of the target is in progress. A connection to the target has not been fully established.* `UnclaimInProgress` - Unclaim of the target is in progress. Intersight is able to connect to the target and all management operations are supported.* `Unclaimed` - The device was un-claimed from the users account by an Administrator of the device. Also indicates the failure to claim Targets of type HTTP Endpoint in Intersight.* `Claimed` - Target of type HTTP Endpoint is successfully claimed in Intersight. Currently no validation is performed to verify the Target connectivity from Intersight at the time of creation. However invoking API from Intersight Orchestrator fails if this Target is not reachable from Intersight or if Target API credentials are incorrect. 
* `cluster_status`:(string) Current status of cluster operation on the Intersight Appliance.* `none` - The Intersight Appliance is running in standalone mode.* `active` - The Intersight Appliance is running as part of a cluster.* `pending` - The Intersight Appliance is currently forming a cluster.* `failed` - The Intersight Appliance failed to form a cluster. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `deployment_size`:(string) Current running deployment size for the Intersight Appliance cluster. Eg. small, medium, large etc. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `hostname`:(string) Publicly accessible FQDN of the Intersight Appliance. 
* `init_done`:(bool) Indicates that the setup initialization process has been completed. 
* `ip_address`:(string) Publicly accessible IP address of the Intersight Appliance. 
* `is_virtual_ip`:(bool) Specifies whether this Intersight Appliance is using a virtual ip address. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `operational_status`:(string) Operational status of the Intersight Appliance cluster.* `Unknown` - The status of the appliance node is unknown.* `Operational` - The appliance node is operational.* `Impaired` - The appliance node is impaired.* `AttentionNeeded` - The appliance node needs attention.* `ReadyToJoin` - The node is ready to be added to a standalone Intersight Appliance to form a cluster.* `OutOfService` - The user has taken this node (part of a cluster) to out of service.* `ReadyForReplacement` - The cluster node is ready to be replaced.* `ReplacementInProgress` - The cluster node replacement is in progress.* `ReplacementFailed` - There was a failure during the cluster node replacement. 
* `serial_id`:(string) SerialId of the Intersight Appliance. SerialId is generated when the Intersight Appliance is setup. It is a unique UUID string, and serialId will not change for the life time of the Intersight Appliance. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `time_zone`:(string) Timezone of the Intersight Appliance.* `Pacific/Niue` - * `Pacific/Pago_Pago` - * `Pacific/Honolulu` - * `Pacific/Rarotonga` - * `Pacific/Tahiti` - * `Pacific/Marquesas` - * `America/Anchorage` - * `Pacific/Gambier` - * `America/Los_Angeles` - * `America/Tijuana` - * `America/Vancouver` - * `America/Whitehorse` - * `Pacific/Pitcairn` - * `America/Dawson_Creek` - * `America/Denver` - * `America/Edmonton` - * `America/Hermosillo` - * `America/Mazatlan` - * `America/Phoenix` - * `America/Yellowknife` - * `America/Belize` - * `America/Chicago` - * `America/Costa_Rica` - * `America/El_Salvador` - * `America/Guatemala` - * `America/Managua` - * `America/Mexico_City` - * `America/Regina` - * `America/Tegucigalpa` - * `America/Winnipeg` - * `Pacific/Galapagos` - * `America/Bogota` - * `America/Cancun` - * `America/Cayman` - * `America/Guayaquil` - * `America/Havana` - * `America/Iqaluit` - * `America/Jamaica` - * `America/Lima` - * `America/Nassau` - * `America/New_York` - * `America/Nuuk` - * `America/Panama` - * `America/Port-au-Prince` - * `America/Rio_Branco` - * `America/Toronto` - * `Pacific/Easter` - * `America/Caracas` - * `America/Asuncion` - * `America/Barbados` - * `America/Boa_Vista` - * `America/Campo_Grande` - * `America/Cuiaba` - * `America/Curacao` - * `America/Grand_Turk` - * `America/Guyana` - * `America/Halifax` - * `America/La_Paz` - * `America/Manaus` - * `America/Martinique` - * `America/Port_of_Spain` - * `America/Porto_Velho` - * `America/Puerto_Rico` - * `America/Santo_Domingo` - * `America/Thule` - * `Atlantic/Bermuda` - * `America/St_Johns` - * `America/Araguaina` - * `America/Argentina/Buenos_Aires` - * `America/Bahia` - * `America/Belem` - * `America/Cayenne` - * `America/Fortaleza` - * `America/Godthab` - * `America/Maceio` - * `America/Miquelon` - * `America/Montevideo` - * `America/Paramaribo` - * `America/Recife` - * `America/Santiago` - * `America/Sao_Paulo` - * `Antarctica/Palmer` - * `Antarctica/Rothera` - * `Atlantic/Stanley` - * `America/Noronha` - * `Atlantic/South_Georgia` - * `America/Scoresbysund` - * `Atlantic/Azores` - * `Atlantic/Cape_Verde` - * `Africa/Abidjan` - * `Africa/Accra` - * `Africa/Bissau` - * `Africa/Casablanca` - * `Africa/El_Aaiun` - * `Africa/Monrovia` - * `America/Danmarkshavn` - * `Atlantic/Canary` - * `Atlantic/Faroe` - * `Atlantic/Reykjavik` - * `Etc/GMT` - * `Europe/Dublin` - * `Europe/Lisbon` - * `Europe/London` - * `Africa/Algiers` - * `Africa/Ceuta` - * `Africa/Lagos` - * `Africa/Ndjamena` - * `Africa/Tunis` - * `Africa/Windhoek` - * `Europe/Amsterdam` - * `Europe/Andorra` - * `Europe/Belgrade` - * `Europe/Berlin` - * `Europe/Brussels` - * `Europe/Budapest` - * `Europe/Copenhagen` - * `Europe/Gibraltar` - * `Europe/Luxembourg` - * `Europe/Madrid` - * `Europe/Malta` - * `Europe/Monaco` - * `Europe/Oslo` - * `Europe/Paris` - * `Europe/Prague` - * `Europe/Rome` - * `Europe/Stockholm` - * `Europe/Tirane` - * `Europe/Vienna` - * `Europe/Warsaw` - * `Europe/Zurich` - * `Africa/Cairo` - * `Africa/Johannesburg` - * `Africa/Maputo` - * `Africa/Tripoli` - * `Asia/Amman` - * `Asia/Beirut` - * `Asia/Damascus` - * `Asia/Gaza` - * `Asia/Jerusalem` - * `Asia/Nicosia` - * `Europe/Athens` - * `Europe/Bucharest` - * `Europe/Chisinau` - * `Europe/Helsinki` - * `Europe/Istanbul` - * `Europe/Kaliningrad` - * `Europe/Kiev` - * `Europe/Riga` - * `Europe/Sofia` - * `Europe/Tallinn` - * `Europe/Vilnius` - * `Africa/Khartoum` - * `Africa/Nairobi` - * `Antarctica/Syowa` - * `Asia/Baghdad` - * `Asia/Qatar` - * `Asia/Riyadh` - * `Europe/Minsk` - * `Europe/Moscow` - * `Asia/Tehran` - * `Asia/Baku` - * `Asia/Dubai` - * `Asia/Tbilisi` - * `Asia/Yerevan` - * `Europe/Samara` - * `Indian/Mahe` - * `Indian/Mauritius` - * `Indian/Reunion` - * `Asia/Kabul` - * `Antarctica/Mawson` - * `Asia/Aqtau` - * `Asia/Aqtobe` - * `Asia/Ashgabat` - * `Asia/Dushanbe` - * `Asia/Karachi` - * `Asia/Tashkent` - * `Asia/Yekaterinburg` - * `Indian/Kerguelen` - * `Indian/Maldives` - * `Asia/Calcutta` - * `Asia/Kolkata` - * `Asia/Colombo` - * `Asia/Kathmandu` - * `Asia/Katmandu` - * `Antarctica/Vostok` - * `Asia/Almaty` - * `Asia/Bishkek` - * `Asia/Dhaka` - * `Asia/Omsk` - * `Asia/Thimphu` - * `Indian/Chagos` - * `Asia/Rangoon` - * `Indian/Cocos` - * `Antarctica/Davis` - * `Asia/Bangkok` - * `Asia/Ho_Chi_Minh` - * `Asia/Hovd` - * `Asia/Jakarta` - * `Asia/Krasnoyarsk` - * `Asia/Saigon` - * `Indian/Christmas` - * `Antarctica/Casey` - * `Asia/Brunei` - * `Asia/Choibalsan` - * `Asia/Hong_Kong` - * `Asia/Irkutsk` - * `Asia/Kuala_Lumpur` - * `Asia/Macau` - * `Asia/Makassar` - * `Asia/Manila` - * `Asia/Shanghai` - * `Asia/Singapore` - * `Asia/Taipei` - * `Asia/Ulaanbaatar` - * `Australia/Perth` - * `Asia/Pyongyang` - * `Asia/Dili` - * `Asia/Jayapura` - * `Asia/Seoul` - * `Asia/Tokyo` - * `Asia/Yakutsk` - * `Asia/Yangon` - * `Pacific/Palau` - * `Australia/Adelaide` - * `Australia/Darwin` - * `Antarctica/DumontDUrville` - * `Asia/Magadan` - * `Asia/Vladivostok` - * `Australia/Brisbane` - * `Australia/Hobart` - * `Australia/Sydney` - * `Pacific/Chuuk` - * `Pacific/Guam` - * `Pacific/Port_Moresby` - * `Pacific/Efate` - * `Pacific/Guadalcanal` - * `Pacific/Kosrae` - * `Pacific/Norfolk` - * `Pacific/Noumea` - * `Pacific/Pohnpei` - * `Asia/Kamchatka` - * `Pacific/Auckland` - * `Pacific/Fiji` - * `Pacific/Funafuti` - * `Pacific/Kwajalein` - * `Pacific/Majuro` - * `Pacific/Nauru` - * `Pacific/Tarawa` - * `Pacific/Wake` - * `Pacific/Wallis` - * `Pacific/Apia` - * `Pacific/Enderbury` - * `Pacific/Fakaofo` - * `Pacific/Tongatapu` - * `Pacific/Kiritimati` - * `UTC` - 
* `nr_version`:(string) Current software version of the Intersight Appliance. 
 
