---
subcategory: "asset"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_asset_device_registration"
description: |-
        ### Overview
        The DeviceRegistration object represents a device connector-enabled endpoint that has registered with Intersight. It is a concrete object central to the management of devices, allowing them to be claimed, configured, and monitored within Intersight's infrastructure.
        #### Purpose
        The DeviceRegistration serves as the primary interface for representing devices within Intersight. It facilitates device management, enabling users to perform operations like claiming, updating, or deleting device-related data. It is essential for capturing the status and configuration of devices interacting with Intersight services.
        #### Key Concepts
        - **Claiming and Ownership:** - Supports claiming devices into a user's account, establishing ownership and enabling management operations.
        - **Connectivity Status:** - Provides insights into the device's connection status with Intersight, including persistent connection details.
        - **Device Identity:** - Maintains device-specific information, such as serial numbers and product IDs, crucial for device validation and tracking.
        - **Security and Access:** - Ensures secure management through authentication keys and tokens, facilitating safe device operation and interaction with Intersight.

---

# Data Source: intersight_asset_device_registration
### Overview
The DeviceRegistration object represents a device connector-enabled endpoint that has registered with Intersight. It is a concrete object central to the management of devices, allowing them to be claimed, configured, and monitored within Intersight's infrastructure.
#### Purpose
The DeviceRegistration serves as the primary interface for representing devices within Intersight. It facilitates device management, enabling users to perform operations like claiming, updating, or deleting device-related data. It is essential for capturing the status and configuration of devices interacting with Intersight services.
#### Key Concepts
- **Claiming and Ownership:** - Supports claiming devices into a user's account, establishing ownership and enabling management operations.
- **Connectivity Status:** - Provides insights into the device's connection status with Intersight, including persistent connection details.
- **Device Identity:** - Maintains device-specific information, such as serial numbers and product IDs, crucial for device validation and tracking.
- **Security and Access:** - Ensures secure management through authentication keys and tokens, facilitating safe device operation and interaction with Intersight.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_asset_device_registration.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `access_key_id`:(string) An identifier for the credential used by the device connector to authenticate with the Intersight web socket gateway. 
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `api_version`:(int) The version of the connector API, describes the capability of the connector's framework.If the version is lower than the current minimum supported version defined in the service managing the connection, the device connector will be connected with limited capabilities until the device connector is upgraded to a fully supported version. For example if a device connector that was released without delta inventory capabilities registers and connects to Intersight, inventory collection may be disabled until it has been upgraded. 
* `app_partition_number`:(int) The partition number corresponding to the instance of the Proxy App which is managing the web-socket to the device connector. 
* `claimed_by_user_name`:(string) The name of the user who claimed the device for the account. 
* `claimed_time`:(string) The date and time at which the device was claimed to this account. 
* `connection_id`:(string) The unique identifier for the current connection. The identifier persists across network connectivity loss and is reset on device connector process restart or platform administrator toggle of the Intersight connectivity. The connectionId can be used by services that need to interact with stateful plugins running in the device connector process. For example if a service schedules an inventory in a devices job scheduler plugin at registration it is not necessary to reschedule the job if the device loses network connectivity due to an Intersight service upgrade or intermittent network issues in the devices datacenter. 
* `connection_reason`:(string) If 'connectionStatus' is not equal to Connected, connectionReason provides further details about why the device is not connected with Intersight. 
* `connection_status`:(string) The status of the persistent connection between the device connector and Intersight.* `` - The target details have been persisted but Intersight has not yet attempted to connect to the target.* `Connected` - Intersight is able to establish a connection to the target and initiate management activities.* `NotConnected` - Intersight is unable to establish a connection to the target.* `ClaimInProgress` - Claim of the target is in progress. A connection to the target has not been fully established.* `UnclaimInProgress` - Unclaim of the target is in progress. Intersight is able to connect to the target and all management operations are supported.* `Unclaimed` - The device was un-claimed from the users account by an Administrator of the device. Also indicates the failure to claim Targets of type HTTP Endpoint in Intersight.* `Claimed` - Target of type HTTP Endpoint is successfully claimed in Intersight. Currently no validation is performed to verify the Target connectivity from Intersight at the time of creation. However invoking API from Intersight Orchestrator fails if this Target is not reachable from Intersight or if Target API credentials are incorrect. 
* `connection_status_last_change_time`:(string) The last time at which the 'connectionStatus' property value changed. If connectionStatus is Connected, this time can be interpreted as the starting time since which a persistent connection has been maintained between Intersight and Device Connector. If connectionStatus is NotConnected, this time can be interpreted as the last time the device connector was connected with Intersight. 
* `connector_version`:(string) The version of the device connector running on the managed device. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `device_external_ip_address`:(string) The IP Address of the managed device as seen from Intersight at the time of registration.This could be the IP address of the managed device's interface which has a route to the internet or a NAT IP address when the managed device is deployed in a private network. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `execution_mode`:(string) Indicates if the platform is an actual device or an emulated device for testing, demos, etc. Permitted values are [Normal, Emulator, ContainerEmulator].* `` - The device reported an empty or unrecognized executionMode.* `Normal` - The device connector is running in normal mode, i.e. it is not a simulation.* `Emulator` - The device connector is running in simulation mode inside an emulated device.* `ContainerEmulator` - The device connector is running in simulation mode inside a containerized emulated device. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `platform_type`:(string) The platform type on which device connector is executing.* `` - An unrecognized platform type.* `APIC` - A Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) cluster.* `CAPIC` - A Cisco Cloud Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (Cloud APIC) instance.* `DCNM` - A Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) instance.* `UCSFI` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect that is managed by Cisco UCS Manager (UCSM).* `UCSFIISM` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect that is managed by Cisco Intersight.* `IMC` - A standalone Cisco UCS rack server (Deprecated).* `IMCM4` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M4 server.* `IMCM5` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M5 server.* `IMCRack` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M6 or newer server.* `UCSIOM` - A Cisco UCS Blade Chassis I/O Module (IOM).* `UCSPCIeNODE` - A Cisco UCS PCIe Node in a blade form factor.* `UCSXFM` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Extender Module (XFM).* `HX` - A Cisco HyperFlex (HX) cluster.* `UCSD` - A Cisco UCS Director (UCSD) instance.* `UCSXECMC` - A Cisco UCSXE Chassis Management Controller.* `IntersightAppliance` - A Cisco Intersight Connected Virtual Appliance instance.* `IntersightAssist` - A Cisco Intersight Assist instance.* `PureStorageFlashArray` - A Pure Storage FlashArray that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and storage management features are supported on this device.* `NexusDevice` - A Cisco Nexus Network Switch that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `ACISwitch` - A Cisco Nexus Network Switch with the embedded Device Connector and is a part of the Cisco ACI fabric.* `NexusSwitch` - A standalone Cisco Nexus Network Switch with the embedded Device Connector.* `MDSSwitch` - A Cisco MDS Switch that is managed using the embedded Device Connector.* `MDSDevice` - A Cisco MDS Switch that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `UCSC885` - A standalone Cisco UCS C885 Server.* `CAI845A` - A standalone Cisco AI 845A Server.* `UCSC890` - A standalone Cisco UCS C890 server managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `RedfishServer` - A generic target type for servers that support Redfish APIs and is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Support is limited to HPE and Dell Servers.* `NetAppOntap` - A Netapp ONTAP Storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `NetAppActiveIqUnifiedManager` - A NetApp Active IQ Unified Manager (AIQUM) that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `EmcScaleIo` - An EMC ScaleIO Software Defined Storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcVmax` - An EMC VMAX 2 or 3 series enterprise storage array that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcVplex` - An EMC VPLEX virtual storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcXtremIo` - An EMC XtremIO SSD storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `VmwareVcenter` - A VMware vCenter instance that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and Virtualization features are supported on this hypervisor.* `MicrosoftHyperV` - A Microsoft Hyper-V host that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Optionally, other hosts in the cluster can be discovered through this host. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this hypervisor.* `AppDynamics` - An AppDynamics controller running in a SaaS or on-prem datacenter. On-prem AppDynamics instance is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this controller.* `Dynatrace` - A Dynatrace Server instance running in a SaaS or on-prem datacenter. On-prem Dynatrace instance is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `NewRelic` - A NewRelic user account. The NewRelic instance monitors the application infrastructure. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `ServiceNow` - A cloud-based workflow automation platform that enables enterprise organizations to improve operational efficiencies by streamlining and automating routine work tasks.* `Umbrella` - Umbrella cloud target that discovers and monitors an organization. It discovers entities like Datacenters, Devices, Tunnels, Networks, etc.* `CloudFoundry` - An open source cloud platform on which developers can build, deploy, run and scale applications.* `MicrosoftAzureApplicationInsights` - A feature of Azure Monitor, is an extensible Application Performance Management service for developers and DevOps professionals to monitor their live applications.* `OpenStack` - An OpenStack target manages Virtual Machines, Physical Machines, Datacenters and Virtual Datacenters using different OpenStack services as administrative endpoints.* `MicrosoftSqlServer` - A Microsoft SQL database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `MySqlServer` - A MySQL database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `OracleDatabaseServer` - An Oracle database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `IBMWebSphereApplicationServer` - An IBM WebSphere Application server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this application server.* `OracleWebLogicServer` - Oracle WebLogic Server is a unified and extensible platform for developing, deploying and running enterprise applications, such as Java, for on-premises and in the cloud. WebLogic Server offers a robust, mature, and scalable implementation of Java Enterprise Edition (EE) and Jakarta EE.* `ApacheTomcatServer` - An Apache Tomcat server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `JavaVirtualMachine` - A JVM Application with JMX configured that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this application.* `RedHatJBossApplicationServer` - JBoss Application Server is an open-source, cross-platform Java application server developed by JBoss, a division of Red Hat Inc. It is an open-source implementation of Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) that is used for implementing Java applications and other Web-based applications and software.* `Kubernetes` - A Kubernetes cluster that runs containerized applications, with Kubernetes Collector installed. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on Kubernetes cluster.* `AmazonWebService` - An Amazon Web Service cloud account. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and Virtualization features are supported on this cloud.* `AmazonWebServiceBilling` - An Amazon Web Service cloud billing account used to retrieve billing information stored in S3 bucket. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `GoogleCloudPlatform` - A Google Cloud Platform service account with access to one or more projects. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `GoogleCloudPlatformBilling` - A Google Cloud Platform service account used to retrieve billing information from BigQuery. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureServicePrincipal` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal account with access to Azure subscriptions. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureEnterpriseAgreement` - A Microsoft Azure Enterprise Agreement enrolment used to retrieve pricing and billing information. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureBilling` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal account with access to billing information. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `DellCompellent` - A Dell EMC SC Series (Compellent) storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `HPE3Par` - A HPE 3PAR StoreServ system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `RedHatEnterpriseVirtualization` - A Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Hypervisor system that manages Virtual Machines.* `NutanixAcropolis` - A Nutanix Acropolis cluster that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cluster.* `NutanixPrismCentral` - A Nutanix Prism Central cluster. Prism central is a virtual appliance for managing Nutanix clusters and services.* `HPEOneView` - A HPE OneView system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this system.* `ServiceEngine` - Cisco Application Services Engine. Cisco Application Services Engine is a platform to deploy and manage applications.* `HitachiVirtualStoragePlatform` - A Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform (Hitachi VSP) that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `GenericTarget` - A generic third-party target supported only in Partner Integration Appliance. This target type is used for development purposes and will not be supported in production environment.* `IMCBlade` - A Cisco UCS blade server managed by Cisco Intersight.* `TerraformCloud` - A Terraform Cloud Business Tier account.* `TerraformAgent` - A Terraform Cloud Agent that will be deployed on Cisco Intersight Assist. The agent can be used to plan and apply Terraform runs from a Terraform Cloud workspace.* `CustomTarget` - CustomTarget is deprecated. Use HTTPEndpoint type to claim HTTP endpoints.* `AnsibleEndpoint` - An external endpoint that is added as a target which can be accessed through Ansible in Intersight Cloud Orchestrator automation workflows.* `HTTPEndpoint` - An HTTP endpoint that can be accessed in Intersight Orchestrator workflows directly or using Cisco Intersight Assist. Authentication Schemes supported are Basic and Bearer Token.* `SSHEndpoint` - An SSH endpoint that can be accessed in Intersight Orchestrator workflows using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `CiscoCatalyst` - A Cisco Catalyst networking switch device.* `PowerShellEndpoint` - A Windows operating system server on which PowerShell scripts can be executed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `CiscoDNAC` - A Cisco Digital Network Architecture (DNA) Center appliance.* `CiscoFMC` - A Cisco Secure Firewall Management Center.* `ViptelaCloud` - A Cisco Viptela SD-WAN Cloud.* `MerakiCloud` - A Cisco Meraki Organization.* `CiscoISE` - A Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) target. 
* `proxy_app`:(string) The name of the app which will proxy the messages to the device connector. 
* `public_access_key`:(string) The device connector's public key used by Intersight to authenticate a connection from the device connector. The public key is used to verify that the signature a device connector sends on connect has been signed by the connector's private key stored on the device's filesystem. Must be a PEM encoded RSA or Ed22519 public key string. 
* `public_access_key_rotated`:(string) The device connectors rotated public key. The device connector may rotate its key pair in conditions where it has been determined the key may have been compromised or if the key type is changing (e.g. moving from RSA to elliptical curve). The device connector will rotate its key in a two step process in order to ensure Intersight has received and committed the new key before invalidating the previous. Device connectors will first send the new public key on PublicAccessKeyRotated, the public key string will also be signed by the current private key. On receipt of a 200 response from Intersight the device connector commits the new key to its local database and will use it for all future authentication requests. Intersight will then allow both the previous and rotated key periods until the device connects with the rotated key, at which point the previous key is invalidated and removed. 
* `public_encryption_key`:(string) The device connector public key used by Intersight for encryption. The public key is used to encrypt ephemeral aes keys to be used for decrypting sensitive data from Intersight. Must be a PEM encoded RSA public key string. 
* `read_only`:(bool) Flag reported by devices to indicate an administrator of the device has disabled management operations of the device connector and only monitoring is permitted. 
* `rotate_access_key`:(bool) Request the device to rotate its key pair. SRE team may set this field to trigger the device to rotate its key pair in conditions where it has been identified that the device's key has been compromised. When RotateAccessKey is set to true the device will be forced to re-connect and rotate its key. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `vendor`:(string) The vendor of the managed device. 
 
