---
subcategory: "asset"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_asset_cluster_member"
description: |-
  A node within a cluster of device connectors. A Device Registration may contain multiple ClusterMembers with each holding the connection details of the device connector as well as the nodes current leadership within the cluster.
---

# Data Source: intersight_asset_cluster_member
A node within a cluster of device connectors. A Device Registration may contain multiple ClusterMembers with each holding the connection details of the device connector as well as the nodes current leadership within the cluster.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_asset_cluster_member.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `api_version`:(int) The version of the connector API, describes the capability of the connector's framework.If the version is lower than the current minimum supported version defined in the service managing the connection, the device connector will be connected with limited capabilities until the device connector is upgraded to a fully supported version. For example if a device connector that was released without delta inventory capabilities registers and connects to Intersight, inventory collection may be disabled until it has been upgraded. 
* `app_partition_number`:(int) The partition number corresponding to the instance of the Proxy App which is managing the web-socket to the device connector. 
* `connection_id`:(string) The unique identifier for the current connection. The identifier persists across network connectivity loss and is reset on device connector process restart or platform administrator toggle of the Intersight connectivity. The connectionId can be used by services that need to interact with stateful plugins running in the device connector process. For example if a service schedules an inventory in a devices job scheduler plugin at registration it is not necessary to reschedule the job if the device loses network connectivity due to an Intersight service upgrade or intermittent network issues in the devices datacenter. 
* `connection_reason`:(string) If 'connectionStatus' is not equal to Connected, connectionReason provides further details about why the device is not connected with Intersight. 
* `connection_status`:(string) The status of the persistent connection between the device connector and Intersight.* `` - The target details have been persisted but Intersight has not yet attempted to connect to the target.* `Connected` - Intersight is able to establish a connection to the target and initiate management activities.* `NotConnected` - Intersight is unable to establish a connection to the target.* `ClaimInProgress` - Claim of the target is in progress. A connection to the target has not been fully established.* `Unclaimed` - The device was un-claimed from the users account by an Administrator of the device. Also indicates the failure to claim Targets of type HTTP Endpoint in Intersight.* `Claimed` - Target of type HTTP Endpoint is successfully claimed in Intersight. Currently no validation is performed to verify the Target connectivity from Intersight at the time of creation. However invoking API from Intersight Orchestrator fails if this Target is not reachable from Intersight or if Target API credentials are incorrect. 
* `connection_status_last_change_time`:(string) The last time at which the 'connectionStatus' property value changed. If connectionStatus is Connected, this time can be interpreted as the starting time since which a persistent connection has been maintained between Intersight and Device Connector. If connectionStatus is NotConnected, this time can be interpreted as the last time the device connector was connected with Intersight. 
* `connector_version`:(string) The version of the device connector running on the managed device. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `device_external_ip_address`:(string) The IP Address of the managed device as seen from Intersight at the time of registration.This could be the IP address of the managed device's interface which has a route to the internet or a NAT IP addresss when the managed device is deployed in a private network. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `leadership`:(string) The current leadershipstate of this member. Updated by the device connector on failover or leadership change. If a member is elected as Primary within the cluster this connection will be the same as the DeviceRegistration connection. E.g a message addressed to the DeviceRegistration will be forwarded to the ClusterMember connection.* `Unknown` - The node is unable to complete election or determine the current state. If the device has been registered before and the node has access to the current credentials it will establish a connection to Intersight with limited capabilities that can be used to debug the HA failure from Intersight.* `Primary` - The node has been elected as the primary and will establish a connection to the Intersight service and accept all message types enabled for a primary node. There can only be one primary in a given cluster, while the underlying platform may be active-active only one connector will assume the primary role.* `Secondary` - The node has been elected as a secondary node in the cluster. The device connector will establish a connection to the Intersight service with limited capabilities. e.g. file upload will be enabled, but requests to the underlying platform management will be disabled. 
* `locked_leader`:(bool) Devices lock their leadership on failure to heartbeat with peers. Value acts as a third party tie breaker in election between nodes. Intersight enforces that only one cluster member exists with this value set to true. 
* `member_identity`:(string) The unique identity of the member within the cluster. The identity is retrieved from the platform and reported by the device connector at connection time. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `parent_cluster_member_identity`:(string) The member idenity of the cluster member through which this device is connected if applicable. 
* `proxy_app`:(string) The name of the app which will proxy the messages to the device connector. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
 