---
subcategory: "asset"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_asset_device_contract_information"
description: |-
        Contains information about the Cisco device identified by a unique identifier like serial number. It also contains information about warranty, contract status, validity of the device. In future this object could be expanded to store Case, RMA, device topology details. We observe new asset.DeviceRegisteration and use it as a trigger for creating an instance of this object. Currently the data is restricted to Cisco Standalone IMC servers and Fabric Interconnects. Support for more product lines will be added in future.

---

# Data Source: intersight_asset_device_contract_information
Contains information about the Cisco device identified by a unique identifier like serial number. It also contains information about warranty, contract status, validity of the device. In future this object could be expanded to store Case, RMA, device topology details. We observe new asset.DeviceRegisteration and use it as a trigger for creating an instance of this object. Currently the data is restricted to Cisco Standalone IMC servers and Fabric Interconnects. Support for more product lines will be added in future.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_asset_device_contract_information.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `contract_status`:(string) Calculated contract status that is derived based on the service line status and contract end date. It is different from serviceLineStatus property. serviceLineStatus gives us ACTIVE, OVERDUE, EXPIRED. These are transformed into Active, Expiring Soon and Not Covered.* `Unknown` - The device's contract status cannot be determined.* `Not Covered` - The Cisco device does not have a valid support contract.* `Active` - The Cisco device is covered under a active support contract.* `Expiring Soon` - The contract for this Cisco device is going to expire in the next 30 days. 
* `contract_status_reason`:(string) Reason for contract status. In case of Not Covered, reason is either Terminated or Expired.* `` - There is no reason for the specified contract status.* `Line Item Expired` - The Cisco device does not have a valid support contract, it has expired.* `Line Item Terminated` - The Cisco device does not have a valid support contract, it has been terminated. 
* `contract_unavailable_retry_count`:(int) If Contract details doesn't exists in CCW API response, we will retry couple of times based on threshold value Retry count will track the number of retry happens due to contract details unavailability. 
* `contract_updated_time`:(string) Date and time indicating when the contract data is last fetched from Cisco's Contract API successfully. 
* `covered_product_line_end_date`:(string) End date of the covered product line. The coverage end date is fetched from Cisco SN2INFO API. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `device_id`:(string) Unique identifier of the Cisco device. This information is used to query Cisco APIx SN2INFO and CCWR databases. 
* `device_type`:(string) Type used to classify the device in Cisco Intersight. Currently supported values are Server and FabricInterconnect. This will be expanded to support more types in future.* `None` - A default value to catch cases where device type is not correctly detected.* `CiscoUcsServer` - A device of type server. It includes Cisco IMC and UCS Managed servers.* `CiscoUcsFI` - A device of type Fabric Interconnect. It includes the various types of Cisco Fabric Interconnects supported by Cisco Intersight.* `CiscoUcsChassis` - A device of type Chassis. It includes various UCS chassis supported by Cisco Intersight.* `CiscoNexusSwitch` - A device of type Nexus switch. It includes various Nexus switches supported by Cisco Intersight.* `CiscoMDSSwitch` - A device of type MDS switch. It includes various MDS switches supported by Cisco Intersight. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `is_valid`:(bool) Validates if the device is a genuine Cisco device. Validated is done using the Cisco SN2INFO APIs. 
* `item_type`:(string) Item type of this specific Cisco device. example \ Chassis\ . 
* `last_date_of_support`:(string) The last date of hardware support for this device. 
* `maintenance_purchase_order_number`:(string) Maintenance purchase order number for the Cisco device. 
* `maintenance_sales_order_number`:(string) Maintenance sales order number for the Cisco device. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `platform_type`:(string) The platform type of the Cisco device.* `` - An unrecognized platform type.* `APIC` - A Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) cluster.* `CAPIC` - A Cisco Cloud Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (Cloud APIC) instance.* `DCNM` - A Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) instance.* `UCSFI` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect that is managed by Cisco UCS Manager (UCSM).* `UCSFIISM` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect that is managed by Cisco Intersight.* `IMC` - A standalone Cisco UCS rack server (Deprecated).* `IMCM4` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M4 server.* `IMCM5` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M5 server.* `IMCRack` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M6 or newer server.* `UCSIOM` - A Cisco UCS Blade Chassis I/O Module (IOM).* `HX` - A Cisco HyperFlex (HX) cluster.* `UCSD` - A Cisco UCS Director (UCSD) instance.* `IntersightAppliance` - A Cisco Intersight Connected Virtual Appliance instance.* `IntersightAssist` - A Cisco Intersight Assist instance.* `PureStorageFlashArray` - A Pure Storage FlashArray that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and storage management features are supported on this device.* `NexusDevice` - A Cisco Nexus Network Switch that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `ACISwitch` - A Cisco Nexus Network Switch with the embedded Device Connector and is a part of the Cisco ACI fabric.* `NexusSwitch` - A standalone Cisco Nexus Network Switch with the embedded Device Connector.* `MDSSwitch` - A Cisco MDS Switch that is managed using the embedded Device Connector.* `MDSDevice` - A Cisco MDS Switch that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `UCSC890` - A standalone Cisco UCS C890 server managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `RedfishServer` - A generic target type for servers that support Redfish APIs and is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Support is limited to HPE and Dell Servers.* `NetAppOntap` - A Netapp ONTAP Storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `NetAppActiveIqUnifiedManager` - A NetApp Active IQ Unified Manager (AIQUM) that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `EmcScaleIo` - An EMC ScaleIO Software Defined Storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcVmax` - An EMC VMAX 2 or 3 series enterprise storage array that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcVplex` - An EMC VPLEX virtual storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcXtremIo` - An EMC XtremIO SSD storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `VmwareVcenter` - A VMware vCenter instance that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and Virtualization features are supported on this hypervisor.* `MicrosoftHyperV` - A Microsoft Hyper-V host that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Optionally, other hosts in the cluster can be discovered through this host. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this hypervisor.* `AppDynamics` - An AppDynamics controller running in a SaaS or on-prem datacenter. On-prem AppDynamics instance is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this controller.* `Dynatrace` - A Dynatrace Server instance running in a SaaS or on-prem datacenter. On-prem Dynatrace instance is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `NewRelic` - A NewRelic user account. The NewRelic instance monitors the application infrastructure. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `ServiceNow` - A cloud-based workflow automation platform that enables enterprise organizations to improve operational efficiencies by streamlining and automating routine work tasks.* `Umbrella` - Umbrella cloud target that discovers and monitors an organization. It discovers entities like Datacenters, Devices, Tunnels, Networks, etc.* `CloudFoundry` - An open source cloud platform on which developers can build, deploy, run and scale applications.* `MicrosoftAzureApplicationInsights` - A feature of Azure Monitor, is an extensible Application Performance Management service for developers and DevOps professionals to monitor their live applications.* `OpenStack` - An OpenStack target manages Virtual Machines, Physical Machines, Datacenters and Virtual Datacenters using different OpenStack services as administrative endpoints.* `MicrosoftSqlServer` - A Microsoft SQL database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `MySqlServer` - A MySQL database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `OracleDatabaseServer` - An Oracle database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `IBMWebSphereApplicationServer` - An IBM WebSphere Application server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this application server.* `OracleWebLogicServer` - Oracle WebLogic Server is a unified and extensible platform for developing, deploying and running enterprise applications, such as Java, for on-premises and in the cloud. WebLogic Server offers a robust, mature, and scalable implementation of Java Enterprise Edition (EE) and Jakarta EE.* `ApacheTomcatServer` - An Apache Tomcat server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `JavaVirtualMachine` - A JVM Application with JMX configured that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this application.* `RedHatJBossApplicationServer` - JBoss Application Server is an open-source, cross-platform Java application server developed by JBoss, a division of Red Hat Inc. It is an open-source implementation of Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) that is used for implementing Java applications and other Web-based applications and software.* `Kubernetes` - A Kubernetes cluster that runs containerized applications, with Kubernetes Collector installed. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on Kubernetes cluster.* `AmazonWebService` - An Amazon Web Service cloud account. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and Virtualization features are supported on this cloud.* `AmazonWebServiceBilling` - An Amazon Web Service cloud billing account used to retrieve billing information stored in S3 bucket. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `GoogleCloudPlatform` - A Google Cloud Platform service account with access to one or more projects. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `GoogleCloudPlatformBilling` - A Google Cloud Platform service account used to retrieve billing information from BigQuery. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureServicePrincipal` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal account with access to Azure subscriptions. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureEnterpriseAgreement` - A Microsoft Azure Enterprise Agreement enrolment used to retrieve pricing and billing information. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureBilling` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal account with access to billing information. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `DellCompellent` - A Dell EMC SC Series (Compellent) storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `HPE3Par` - A HPE 3PAR StoreServ system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `RedHatEnterpriseVirtualization` - A Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Hypervisor system that manages Virtual Machines.* `NutanixAcropolis` - A Nutanix Acropolis cluster that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cluster.* `NutanixPrismCentral` - A Nutanix Prism Central cluster. Prism central is a virtual appliance for managing Nutanix clusters and services.* `HPEOneView` - A HPE OneView system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this system.* `ServiceEngine` - Cisco Application Services Engine. Cisco Application Services Engine is a platform to deploy and manage applications.* `HitachiVirtualStoragePlatform` - A Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform (Hitachi VSP) that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `GenericTarget` - A generic third-party target supported only in Partner Integration Appliance. This target type is used for development purposes and will not be supported in production environment.* `IMCBlade` - A Cisco UCS blade server managed by Cisco Intersight.* `TerraformCloud` - A Terraform Cloud Business Tier account.* `TerraformAgent` - A Terraform Cloud Agent that will be deployed on Cisco Intersight Assist. The agent can be used to plan and apply Terraform runs from a Terraform Cloud workspace.* `CustomTarget` - CustomTarget is deprecated. Use HTTPEndpoint type to claim HTTP endpoints.* `AnsibleEndpoint` - An external endpoint that is added as a target which can be accessed through Ansible in Intersight Cloud Orchestrator automation workflows.* `HTTPEndpoint` - An HTTP endpoint that can be accessed in Intersight Orchestrator workflows directly or using Cisco Intersight Assist. Authentication Schemes supported are Basic and Bearer Token.* `SSHEndpoint` - An SSH endpoint that can be accessed in Intersight Orchestrator workflows using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `CiscoCatalyst` - A Cisco Catalyst networking switch device.* `PowerShellEndpoint` - A Windows operating system server on which PowerShell scripts can be executed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `CiscoDNAC` - A Cisco Digital Network Architecture (DNA) Center appliance.* `CiscoFMC` - A Cisco Secure Firewall Management Center.* `ViptelaCloud` - A Cisco Viptela SD-WAN Cloud.* `MerakiCloud` - A Cisco Meraki Organization.* `CiscoISE` - A Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) target. 
* `purchase_order_number`:(string) Purchase order number for the Cisco device. It is a unique number assigned for every purchase. 
* `sales_order_number`:(string) Sales order number for the Cisco device. It is a unique number assigned for every sale. 
* `service_description`:(string) The type of service contract that covers the Cisco device. 
* `service_end_date`:(string) End date for the Cisco service contract that covers this Cisco device. 
* `service_level`:(string) The type of service contract that covers the Cisco device. 
* `service_sku`:(string) The SKU of the service contract that covers the Cisco device. 
* `service_start_date`:(string) Start date for the Cisco service contract that covers this Cisco device. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `state_contract`:(string) Internal property used for triggering and tracking actions for contract information.* `Update` - Sn2Info/Contract information needs to be updated.* `OK` - Sn2Info/Contract information was fetched succcessfuly and updated.* `Failed` - Sn2Info/Contract information was not available  or failed while fetching.* `Retry` - Sn2Info/Contract information update failed and will be retried later. 
* `warranty_end_date`:(string) End date for the warranty that covers the Cisco device. 
* `warranty_type`:(string) Type of warranty that covers the Cisco device. 
 
