---
subcategory: "asset"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_asset_target"
description: |-
        Target represents an entity which can be managed by Intersight. This includes physical entities like UCS and HyperFlex servers and software entities like VMware vCenter and Microsoft Azure cloud accounts.

---

# Data Source: intersight_asset_target
Target represents an entity which can be managed by Intersight. This includes physical entities like UCS and HyperFlex servers and software entities like VMware vCenter and Microsoft Azure cloud accounts.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_asset_target.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `claimed_by_user_name`:(string) The name or email id of the user who claimed the target. 
* `connector_version`:(string) The Device Connector version for target types which are managed by via embedded Device Connector. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `external_ip_address`:(string) ExternalIpAddress is applicable for targets which are managed via an Intersight Device Connector. The value is the IP Address of the target as seen from Intersight. It is either the IP Address of the managed target's interface which has a route to the internet or a NAT IP Address when the target is deployed in a private network. 
* `management_location`:(string) The location from which Intersight manages the target.* `Unknown` - The management mechanism is not detected. Unknown is used as a default by the implementation and is not an allowed user input.* `Intersight` - Management of a target is performed directly from Intersight. Network connections are established from Intersight to a management interface of the Target and authenticated using user provided credentials.* `IntersightAssist` - Management of a target is performed via a selected Intersight Assist. Network connections are established from the Intersight Assist to a management interface of the Target.* `DeviceConnector` - An Intersight Device Connector running within the Target establishes a connection to Intersight and management of the target is performed via this connection. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) A user provided name for the managed target. 
* `read_only`:(bool) For targets which are managed by an embedded Intersight Device Connector, this field indicates that an administrator of the target has disabled management operations of the Device Connector and only monitoring is permitted. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `status`:(string) Status indicates if Intersight can establish a connection and authenticate with the managed target. Status does not include information about the functional health of the target.* `` - The target details have been persisted but Intersight has not yet attempted to connect to the target.* `Connected` - Intersight is able to establish a connection to the target and initiate management activities.* `NotConnected` - Intersight is unable to establish a connection to the target.* `ClaimInProgress` - Claim of the target is in progress. A connection to the target has not been fully established.* `UnclaimInProgress` - Unclaim of the target is in progress. Intersight is able to connect to the target and all management operations are supported.* `Unclaimed` - The device was un-claimed from the users account by an Administrator of the device. Also indicates the failure to claim Targets of type HTTP Endpoint in Intersight.* `Claimed` - Target of type HTTP Endpoint is successfully claimed in Intersight. Currently no validation is performed to verify the Target connectivity from Intersight at the time of creation. However invoking API from Intersight Orchestrator fails if this Target is not reachable from Intersight or if Target API credentials are incorrect. 
* `status_error_reason`:(string) StatusErrorReason provides additional context for the Status. 
* `target_type`:(string) The type of the managed target. For example a UCS Server or VMware Vcenter target.* `` - An unrecognized platform type.* `APIC` - A Cisco Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (APIC) cluster.* `CAPIC` - A Cisco Cloud Application Policy Infrastructure Controller (Cloud APIC) instance.* `DCNM` - A Cisco Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) instance.* `UCSFI` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect that is managed by Cisco UCS Manager (UCSM).* `UCSFIISM` - A Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect that is managed by Cisco Intersight.* `IMC` - A standalone Cisco UCS rack server (Deprecated).* `IMCM4` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M4 server.* `IMCM5` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M5 server.* `IMCRack` - A standalone Cisco UCS C-Series or S-Series M6 or newer server.* `UCSIOM` - A Cisco UCS Blade Chassis I/O Module (IOM).* `HX` - A Cisco HyperFlex (HX) cluster.* `HyperFlexAP` - A Cisco HyperFlex Application Platform instance (Deprecated).* `IWE` - A Cisco Intersight Workload Engine instance (Deprecated).* `UCSD` - A Cisco UCS Director (UCSD) instance.* `IntersightAppliance` - A Cisco Intersight Connected Virtual Appliance instance.* `IntersightAssist` - A Cisco Intersight Assist instance.* `PureStorageFlashArray` - A Pure Storage FlashArray that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and storage management features are supported on this device.* `NexusDevice` - A Cisco Nexus Network Switch that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `ACISwitch` - A Cisco Nexus Network Switch with the embedded Device Connector and is a part of the Cisco ACI fabric.* `NexusSwitch` - A standalone Cisco Nexus Network Switch with the embedded Device Connector.* `MDSSwitch` - A Cisco MDS Switch that is managed using the embedded Device Connector.* `MDSDevice` - A Cisco MDS Switch that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `UCSC890` - A standalone Cisco UCS C890 server managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `RedfishServer` - A generic target type for servers that support Redfish APIs and is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Support is limited to HPE and Dell Servers.* `NetAppOntap` - A Netapp ONTAP Storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `NetAppActiveIqUnifiedManager` - A NetApp Active IQ Unified Manager (AIQUM) that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `EmcScaleIo` - An EMC ScaleIO Software Defined Storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcVmax` - An EMC VMAX 2 or 3 series enterprise storage array that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcVplex` - An EMC VPLEX virtual storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `EmcXtremIo` - An EMC XtremIO SSD storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `VmwareVcenter` - A VMware vCenter instance that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and Virtualization features are supported on this hypervisor.* `MicrosoftHyperV` - A Microsoft Hyper-V host that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Optionally, other hosts in the cluster can be discovered through this host. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this hypervisor.* `AppDynamics` - An AppDynamics controller running in a SaaS or on-prem datacenter. On-prem AppDynamics instance is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this controller.* `Dynatrace` - A Dynatrace Server instance running in a SaaS or on-prem datacenter. On-prem Dynatrace instance is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `NewRelic` - A NewRelic user account. The NewRelic instance monitors the application infrastructure. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `ServiceNow` - A cloud-based workflow automation platform that enables enterprise organizations to improve operational efficiencies by streamlining and automating routine work tasks.* `ReadHatOpenStack` - An OpenStack target manages Virtual Machines, Physical Machines, Datacenters and Virtual Datacenters using different OpenStack services as administrative endpoints.* `CloudFoundry` - An open source cloud platform on which developers can build, deploy, run and scale applications.* `MicrosoftAzureApplicationInsights` - A feature of Azure Monitor, is an extensible Application Performance Management service for developers and DevOps professionals to monitor their live applications.* `OpenStack` - An OpenStack target manages Virtual Machines, Physical Machines, Datacenters and Virtual Datacenters using different OpenStack services as administrative endpoints.* `MicrosoftSqlServer` - A Microsoft SQL database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `MySqlServer` - A MySQL database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `OracleDatabaseServer` - An Oracle database server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this database.* `IBMWebSphereApplicationServer` - An IBM WebSphere Application server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this application server.* `OracleWebLogicServer` - Oracle WebLogic Server is a unified and extensible platform for developing, deploying and running enterprise applications, such as Java, for on-premises and in the cloud. WebLogic Server offers a robust, mature, and scalable implementation of Java Enterprise Edition (EE) and Jakarta EE.* `ApacheTomcatServer` - An Apache Tomcat server that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this server.* `JavaVirtualMachine` - A JVM Application with JMX configured that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this application.* `RedHatJBossApplicationServer` - JBoss Application Server is an open-source, cross-platform Java application server developed by JBoss, a division of Red Hat Inc. It is an open-source implementation of Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) that is used for implementing Java applications and other Web-based applications and software.* `Kubernetes` - A Kubernetes cluster that runs containerized applications, with Kubernetes Collector installed. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on Kubernetes cluster.* `AmazonWebService` - An Amazon Web Service cloud account.  Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer and Virtualization features are supported on this cloud.* `AmazonWebServiceBilling` - An Amazon Web Service cloud billing account used to retrieve billing information stored in S3 bucket.  Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `GoogleCloudPlatform` - A Google Cloud Platform service account with access to one or more projects.  Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `GoogleCloudPlatformBilling` - A Google Cloud Platform service account used to retrieve billing information from BigQuery.  Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureServicePrincipal` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal account with access to Azure subscriptions.  Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureEnterpriseAgreement` - A Microsoft Azure Enterprise Agreement enrolment used to retrieve pricing and billing information. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `MicrosoftAzureBilling` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal account with access to billing information. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cloud.* `DellCompellent` - A Dell EMC SC Series (Compellent) storage system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `HPE3Par` - A HPE 3PAR StoreServ system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this device.* `RedHatEnterpriseVirtualization` - A Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Hypervisor system that manages Virtual Machines.* `NutanixAcropolis` - A Nutanix Acropolis cluster that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this cluster.* `HPEOneView` - A HPE OneView system that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist. Cisco Intersight Workload Optimizer features are supported on this system.* `ServiceEngine` - Cisco Application Services Engine. Cisco Application Services Engine is a platform to deploy and manage applications.* `HitachiVirtualStoragePlatform` - A Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform (Hitachi VSP) that is managed using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `GenericTarget` - A generic third-party target supported only in Partner Integration Appliance. This target type is used for development purposes and will not be supported in production environment.* `IMCBlade` - A Cisco UCS blade server managed by Cisco Intersight.* `TerraformCloud` - A Terraform Cloud Business Tier account.* `TerraformAgent` - A Terraform Cloud Agent that will be deployed on Cisco Intersight Assist. The agent can be used to plan and apply Terraform runs from a Terraform Cloud workspace.* `CustomTarget` - CustomTarget is deprecated.  Use HTTPEndpoint type to claim HTTP endpoints.* `AnsibleEndpoint` - An external endpoint that is added as a target  which can be accessed through Ansible in Intersight Cloud Orchestrator automation workflows.* `HTTPEndpoint` - An HTTP endpoint that can be accessed in Intersight Orchestrator workflows  directly or using Cisco Intersight Assist.  Authentication Schemes supported are Basic and Bearer Token.* `SSHEndpoint` - An SSH endpoint that can be accessed in Intersight Orchestrator workflows using Cisco Intersight Assist.* `CiscoCatalyst` - A Cisco Catalyst networking switch device.* `PowerShellEndpoint` - A Windows operating system server on which PowerShell scripts can be executed using Cisco Intersight Assist. 
* `vendor`:(string) The vendor of the managed target. 
 
