---
subcategory: "cond"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_cond_alarm"
description: |-
        The Alarm object represents the alarms generated by either the managed system itself or by Intersight. It is used for identifying and responding to issues detected across various managed objects.
        #### Purpose
        The Alarm object is crucial for tracking the state and severity of issues, providing a structured approach to alarm management. It ensures that alarms are reported consistently and can be acknowledged or suppressed based on user needs.
        #### Key Concepts
        - **Severity:** Alarms are categorized by severity levels (Critical, Warning, Info, and Cleared), offering a standardized way to prioritize and respond to detected issues.
        - **Acknowledgement and Suppression:** Users can acknowledge alarms to exclude them from health status and overall counts, while suppression settings control visibility.
        - **Integrated Relationships:** Alarms are linked to definitions and affected managed objects, ensuring comprehensive tracking and management of issues.

---

# Data Source: intersight_cond_alarm
The Alarm object represents the alarms generated by either the managed system itself or by Intersight. It is used for identifying and responding to issues detected across various managed objects.
#### Purpose
The Alarm object is crucial for tracking the state and severity of issues, providing a structured approach to alarm management. It ensures that alarms are reported consistently and can be acknowledged or suppressed based on user needs.
#### Key Concepts
- **Severity:** Alarms are categorized by severity levels (Critical, Warning, Info, and Cleared), offering a standardized way to prioritize and respond to detected issues.
- **Acknowledgement and Suppression:** Users can acknowledge alarms to exclude them from health status and overall counts, while suppression settings control visibility.
- **Integrated Relationships:** Alarms are linked to definitions and affected managed objects, ensuring comprehensive tracking and management of issues.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_cond_alarm.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `acknowledge`:(string) Alarm acknowledgment state. Default value is None.* `None` - The Enum value None represents that the alarm is not acknowledged and is included as part of health status and overall alarm count.* `Acknowledge` - The Enum value Acknowledge represents that the alarm is acknowledged by user. The alarm will be ignored from the health status and overall alarm count. 
* `acknowledge_by`:(string) User who acknowledged the alarm. 
* `acknowledge_time`:(string) Time at which the alarm was acknowledged by the user. 
* `affected_mo_display_name`:(string) Display name of the affected object on which the alarm is raised. The name uniquely identifies an alarm target such that it can be distinguished from similar objects managed by Intersight. 
* `affected_mo_id`:(string) MoId of the affected object from the managed system's point of view. 
* `affected_mo_type`:(string) Managed system affected object type. For example Adaptor, FI, CIMC. 
* `affected_object`:(string) A unique key for an alarm instance, consists of a combination of a unique system name and msAffectedObject. 
* `ancestor_mo_id`:(string) Parent MoId of the fault from managed system. For example, Blade moid for adaptor fault. 
* `ancestor_mo_type`:(string) Parent MO type of the fault from managed system. For example, Blade for adaptor fault. 
* `code`:(string) A unique alarm code. For alarms mapped from UCS faults, this will be the same as the UCS fault code. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `creation_time`:(string) The time the alarm was created. 
* `description`:(string) A longer description of the alarm than the name. The description contains details of the component reporting the issue. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `flapping`:(string) Alarm flapping state. This will be set to Flapping or Cooldown if both (A) this type of alarm is being monitored for flapping conditions, and (B) the alarm has recently transitioned to an active state (Critical, Warning or Info) followed by a Cleared state or vice versa. LastTransitionTime is a better field to use to know whether a particular alarm recently changed state.* `NotFlapping` - The enum value None says that no recent flaps have occurred.* `Flapping` - The enum value Flapping says that the alarm has become active recently, after being active and then cleared previously.* `Cooldown` - The enum value Cooldown says that the alarm is cleared, but was recently active.* `Unknown` - The enum value Unknown indicates that you might not have the latest version of the property meta. 
* `flapping_count`:(int) Alarm flapping counter. This will be incremented every time the state of the alarm transitions to an active state (Critical, Warning or Info) followed by a Cleared state or vice versa. If no more transitions occur within the system-defined flap interval (usually less than 5 minutes), the counter will be reset to zero. This represents the amount of times the alarm has flapped between an active and a cleared state since the last time the Flapping state was cleared. 
* `flapping_start_time`:(string) Alarm flapping start time. Only when the flapping state is Flapping or Cooldown, this will be set to the time the alarm began flapping. If the flapping state is NotFlapping, this timestamp may be set to zero or any other time and should be ignored. 
* `last_transition_time`:(string) The time the alarm last had a change in severity. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `ms_affected_object`:(string) A unique key for the alarm from the managed system's point of view. For example, in the case of UCS, this is the fault's dn. 
* `name`:(string) Uniquely identifies the type of alarm. For alarms originating from Intersight, this will be a descriptive name. For alarms that are mapped from faults, the name will be derived from fault properties. For example, alarms mapped from UCS faults will use a prefix of UCS and appended with the fault code. 
* `orig_severity`:(string) The original severity when the alarm was first created.* `None` - The Enum value None represents that there is no severity.* `Info` - The Enum value Info represents the Informational level of severity.* `Critical` - The Enum value Critical represents the Critical level of severity.* `Warning` - The Enum value Warning represents the Warning level of severity.* `Cleared` - The Enum value Cleared represents that the alarm severity has been cleared. 
* `severity`:(string) The severity of the alarm. Valid values are Critical, Warning, Info, and Cleared.* `None` - The Enum value None represents that there is no severity.* `Info` - The Enum value Info represents the Informational level of severity.* `Critical` - The Enum value Critical represents the Critical level of severity.* `Warning` - The Enum value Warning represents the Warning level of severity.* `Cleared` - The Enum value Cleared represents that the alarm severity has been cleared. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `suppressed`:(bool) Indicates whether the alarm is marked for suppression or not. 
 
