---
subcategory: "convergedinfra"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_convergedinfra_adapter_compliance_details"
description: |-
        The compliance details for an adapter present in a server which is part of a converged infrastructure pod.

---

# Data Source: intersight_convergedinfra_adapter_compliance_details
The compliance details for an adapter present in a server which is part of a converged infrastructure pod.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_convergedinfra_adapter_compliance_details.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `driver_name`:(string) The driver name (e.g. nenic, nfnic) of the adapter. 
* `driver_version`:(string) The driver version of the adapter. 
* `firmware`:(string) The firmware version of the adapter. 
* `hcl_status`:(string) The HCL compatibility status for the adapter.* `NotEvaluated` - The interoperability compliance for the component has not be checked.* `Approved` - The component is valid as per the interoperability compliance check.* `NotApproved` - The component is not valid as per the interoperability compliance check.* `Incomplete` - The interoperability compliance check could not be completed for the component due to incomplete data. 
* `hcl_status_reason`:(string) The reason for the HCL status when it is not Approved.* `Missing-Os-Driver-Info` - The validation failed becaue the given server has no OS driver information available in the inventory. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information.* `Incompatible-Server-With-Component` - The validation failed for this component because he server model and component model combination was not found in the HCL.* `Incompatible-Processor` - The validation failed because the given processor was not found for the given server PID.* `Incompatible-Os-Info` - The validation failed because the given OS vendor and version was not found in HCL for the server PID and processor combination.* `Incompatible-Component-Model` - The validation failed because the given Component model was not found in the HCL for the given server PID, processor, server Firmware and OS vendor and version.* `Incompatible-Firmware` - The validation failed because the given server firmware or adapter firmware was not found in the HCL for the given server PID, processor, OS vendor and version and component model.* `Incompatible-Driver` - The validation failed because the given driver version was not found in the HCL for the given Server PID, processor, OS vendor and version, server firmware and component firmware.* `Incompatible-Firmware-Driver` - The validation failed because the given component firmware and driver version was not found in the HCL for the given Server PID, processor, OS vendor and version and server firmware.* `Service-Unavailable` - The validation has failed because HCL data service is temporarily not available. The server will be re-evaluated once HCL data service is back online or finished importing new HCL data.* `Service-Error` - The validation has failed because the HCL data service has return a service error or unrecognized result.* `Unrecognized-Protocol` - The validation has failed for the HCL component because the HCL data service has return a validation reason that is unknown to this service. This reason is used as a default failure reason reason in case we cannot map the error reason received from the HCL data service unto one of the other enum values.* `Not-Evaluated` - The validation for the hardware or software HCL status was not yet evaluated because some previous validation had failed. For example if a server's hardware profile fails to validate with HCL, then the server's software status will not be evaluated.* `Compatible` - The validation has passed for this server PID, processor, OS vendor and version, component model, component firmware and driver version. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `model`:(string) The model information of the adapter. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) The name of the component for which the compliance is evaluated. 
* `reason`:(string) Reason for the status, when the status is Incomplete or NotApproved. Reason should help to identify the component that is not compliant.* `NotEvaluated` - The validation for the HCL or Interop status is yet to be performed.* `Missing-Os-Info` - This means the Interop status for the sever cannot be computed because we have missing OS information. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information.* `Incompatible-Storage-Os` - The validation failed because the given storage name and version combination is not found in Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Os-Info` - The validation failed because the given OS name and version combination is not found in HCL.* `Incompatible-Processor` - The validation failed because the given processor is not found for the given server PID in HCL.* `Incompatible-Server-Platform` - The validation failed because the given server platform is not found in the Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Server-Model` - The validation failed because the given server model is not found in the Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Adapter-Model` - The validation failed because the given adapter model is not found in the Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Switch-Model` - The validation failed because the given switch model is not found in the Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Server-Firmware` - The validation failed because the given server firmware version is not found in HCL.* `Incompatible-Switch-Firmware` - The validation failed because the given switch firmware version is not found in Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Firmware` - The validation failed because the given adapter firmware version is not found in either HCL or Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Driver` - The validation failed because the given driver version is not found in either HCL or Interop matrix.* `Incompatible-Firmware-Driver` - The validation failed because the given adapter firmware and driver version is not found in either HCL or Interop matrix.* `Missing-Os-Driver-Info` - The validation failed because the given server has no OS driver information available in the inventory. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information.* `Missing-Os-Or-Driver-Info` - This means the Interop status for the switch or storage array cannot be computed because we have either missing Host OS information or missing required driver information. Either install ucstools vib or use power shell scripts to tag proper OS information or install required drivers.* `Incompatible-Components` - The validation failed for the given server because one or more of its components failed validation.* `Compatible` - This means the HCL status and Interop status for the component have passed all validations for all of its related components. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `status`:(string) Compliance status for the component.* `NotEvaluated` - The interoperability compliance for the component has not be checked.* `Approved` - The component is valid as per the interoperability compliance check.* `NotApproved` - The component is not valid as per the interoperability compliance check.* `Incomplete` - The interoperability compliance check could not be completed for the component due to incomplete data. 
 
