
---
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_iam_end_point_role"
sidebar_current: "docs-intersight-data-source-iam-end-point-role"
description: |-
The role defined in the end point which can be assigned to a user.
---

# Data Source: intersight_iam._end_point_role
The role defined in the end point which can be assigned to a user.
## Argument Reference
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `class_id`:(string) The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type.This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payloadwhen marshaling and unmarshaling data.The enum values provides the list of concrete types that can be instantiated from this abstract type. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) The name of the end point role. 
* `object_type`:(string) The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type.The value should be the same as the 'ClassId' property. 
* `role_type`:(string) User specified tags to roles like as ep-admin or ep-readonly. 
* `type`:(string) The type of the end point like Cisco UCS Fabric Interconnect or Cisco IMC.* `` - The device reported an empty or unrecognized platform type.* `APIC` - An Application Policy Infrastructure Controller cluster.* `DCNM` - A Data Center Network Manager instance. Data Center Network Manager (DCNM) is the network management platform for all NX-OS-enabled deployments, spanning new fabric architectures, IP Fabric for Media, and storage networking deployments for the Cisco Nexus-powered data center.* `UCSFI` - A UCS Fabric Interconnect in HA or standalone mode, which is being managed by UCS Manager (UCSM).* `UCSFIISM` - A UCS Fabric Interconnect in HA or standalone mode, managed directly by Intersight.* `IMC` - A standalone UCS Server Integrated Management Controller.* `IMCM4` - A standalone UCS M4 Server.* `IMCM5` - A standalone UCS M5 server.* `UCSIOM` - An UCS Chassis IO module.* `HX` - A HyperFlex storage controller.* `HyperFlexAP` - A HyperFlex Application Platform.* `UCSD` - A UCS Director virtual appliance. Cisco UCS Director automates, orchestrates, and manages Cisco and third-party hardware.* `IntersightAppliance` - A Cisco Intersight Connected Virtual Appliance.* `IntersightAssist` - A Cisco Intersight Assist.* `PureStorageFlashArray` - A Pure Storage FlashArray device.* `NetAppOntap` - A NetApp ONTAP storage system.* `EmcScaleIo` - An EMC ScaleIO storage system.* `EmcVmax` - An EMC VMAX storage system.* `EmcVplex` - An EMC VPLEX storage system.* `EmcXtremIo` - An EMC XtremIO storage system.* `VmwareVcenter` - A VMware vCenter device that manages Virtual Machines.* `MicrosoftHyperV` - A Microsoft HyperV system that manages Virtual Machines.* `AppDynamics` - An AppDynamics controller that monitors applications.* `Dynatrace` - A Dynatrace controller that monitors applications.* `MicrosoftSqlServer` - A Microsoft SQL database server.* `Kubernetes` - A Kubernetes cluster that runs containerized applications.* `AmazonWebService` - A Amazon web service target that discovers and monitors different services like EC2. It discovers entities like VMs, Volumes, regions etc. and monitors attributes like Mem, CPU, cost.* `AmazonWebServiceBilling` - A Amazon web service billing target to retrieve billing information stored in S3 bucket.* `MicrosoftAzureServicePrincipal` - A Microsoft Azure Service Principal target that discovers all the associated Azure subscriptions.* `MicrosoftAzureEnterpriseAgreement` - A Microsoft Azure Enterprise Agreement target that discovers cost, billing and RIs.* `ServiceEngine` - Cisco Application Services Engine. Cisco Application Services Engine is a platform to deploy and manage applications.* `HitachiVirtualStoragePlatform` - A Hitachi Virtual Storage Platform also referred to as Hitachi VSP. It includes various storage systems designed for data centers.* `IMCBlade` - An Intersight managed UCS Blade Server.* `CustomTarget` - An external endpoint added as Target that can be accessed through its REST API interface in Intersight Orchestrator automation workflow.Standard HTTP authentication scheme supported: Basic.* `CiscoCatalyst` - A Cisco Catalyst networking switch device. 
