---
subcategory: "kubernetes"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_kubernetes_daemon_set"
description: |-
        A DaemonSet represents a Kubernetes DaemonSet. In Kubernetes, a DaemonSet ensures that all (or some) Nodes run a copy of a Pod. As nodes are added to the cluster, Pods are added to them. As nodes are removed from the cluster, those Pods are garbage collected. Deleting a DaemonSet will clean up the Pods it created.

---

# Data Source: intersight_kubernetes_daemon_set
A DaemonSet represents a Kubernetes DaemonSet. In Kubernetes, a DaemonSet ensures that all (or some) Nodes run a copy of a Pod. As nodes are added to the cluster, Pods are added to them. As nodes are removed from the cluster, those Pods are garbage collected. Deleting a DaemonSet will clean up the Pods it created.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_kubernetes_daemon_set.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) Name of the referenced kubernetes resource. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `uuid`:(string) UUID of the referenced kubernetes resource. It is generated by the kubernetes cluster itself. 
 
