---
subcategory: "onprem"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_onprem_upgrade"
description: |-
        Upgrade tracks the Intersight Appliance's software upgrades. Intersight Appliance's
        upgrade service automatically creates an Upgrade managed object when there is a
        pending software upgrade. User may modify an active Upgrade managed object to reset
        the software upgrade start time. However, user may not be able to postpone an upgrade
        beyond the limit enforced by the upgrade grace period set in the software manifest.

---

# Data Source: intersight_onprem_upgrade
Upgrade tracks the Intersight Appliance's software upgrades. Intersight Appliance's
upgrade service automatically creates an Upgrade managed object when there is a
pending software upgrade. User may modify an active Upgrade managed object to reset
the software upgrade start time. However, user may not be able to postpone an upgrade
beyond the limit enforced by the upgrade grace period set in the software manifest.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_onprem_upgrade.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `active`:(bool) Indicates if the software upgrade is active or not. 
* `all_nodes_pingable`:(bool) Flag to indicate if all the nodes in the cluster are pingable. It is used to determine if the upgrade can be started. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `description`:(string) Description of the software upgrade. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `end_time`:(string) End date of the software upgrade. 
* `error_code`:(int) Error code for Intersight Appliance's software upgrade. In case of failure - this code will help decide if software upgrade can be retried. 
* `fingerprint`:(string) Software upgrade manifest's fingerprint. 
* `is_patch`:(bool) Flag to indicate if the software upgrade is a patch upgrade. 
* `is_rolling_back`:(bool) Track if software upgrade is upgrading or rolling back. 
* `is_user_triggered`:(bool) Indicates if the upgrade is triggered by user or due to schedule. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) Name of the upgrade. The name is auto-generated by the system when the upgrade is created. 
* `progress`:(int) Progress of the software upgrade. It is a percentage value between 0 and 100. 
* `rollback_needed`:(bool) Track if rollback is needed. 
* `rollback_status`:(string) Status of the Intersight Appliance's software rollback status. 
* `scheduled_time`:(string) It is the time when the upgrade will be started. It is calculated based on the upgrade grace period and the current time. It is a system generated field and cannot be modified by the user. User cannot postpone the upgrade beyond the scheduled time. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `start_time`:(string) Start date of the software upgrade. UI can modify startTime to re-schedule an upgrade. 
* `status`:(string) Status of the Intersight Appliance's software upgrade. 
* `upgrade_grace_period`:(int) Grace period in seconds before the automatic upgrade is initiated. The upgrade service uses the grace period to compute the upgrade start time when it receives an upgrade notfication from the Intersight. If there is an Upgrade Policy configured for the Intersight Appliance, then the upgrade service uses the policy to compute the upgrade start time. However, the upgrade start time cannot not exceed the limit enforced by the grace period. 
* `upgrade_impact_duration`:(int) Duration (in minutes) for which services will be disrupted. 
* `upgrade_impact_enum`:(string) UpgradeImpactEnum is used to indicate the kind of impact the upgrade has on currently running services on the appliance.* `None` - The upgrade has no effect on the system.* `Disruptive` - The services will not be functional during the upgrade.* `Disruptive-reboot` - The upgrade needs a reboot. 
* `nr_version`:(string) Software upgrade manifest's version. 
 
