---
subcategory: "recommendation"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_recommendation_purchase_order_estimate"
description: |-
        Entity representing the estimate for the purchase order for user requested expansion.

---

# Data Source: intersight_recommendation_purchase_order_estimate
Entity representing the estimate for the purchase order for user requested expansion.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_recommendation_purchase_order_estimate.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `action`:(string) Action to be triggered for computing estimate. Default value is None.* `None` - The Enum value None represents that no action is triggered on the forecast Instance managed object.* `Evaluate` - The Enum value Evaluate represents that a re-evaluation of the forecast needs to be triggered. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `estimate_id`:(string) The unique identification generated by the Cisco commerce APIs portal to identify the recommended bill of materials. 
* `last_updated_time`:(string) The time when the recommendation was last updated. 
* `message`:(string) The user visible message which indicates any errors encountered in making the external API call to get the estimate. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) The name of the recommendation. 
* `requirement_met`:(bool) Indicates if the recommendation requirement is met by the existing setup by adding hardware components to it or it needs expansion. For example if the recommendation is to add 16 disks to a HyperFlex cluster but the cluster is already alost full and only 8 disks can be added, then this property is set to false. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `status`:(string) The status of the external API call to get the estimate.* `None` - The Enum value None represents the default status value before any API call is made.* `Success` - The Enum value Success represents that the API call returned with success.* `Fail` - The Enum value Fail represents that the API call returned with a failure. 
* `total_cost`:(float) The total cost of all the recommended hardware in the bill of materials for the corresponding estimate. 
 
