---
subcategory: "smtp"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_smtp_policy_test"
description: |-
        PolicyTest provides data on SMTP policy test status. This data is generated by sending a test email, allowing Account Administrator users to utilize it for testing SMTP policy compliance.

---

# Data Source: intersight_smtp_policy_test
PolicyTest provides data on SMTP policy test status. This data is generated by sending a test email, allowing Account Administrator users to utilize it for testing SMTP policy compliance.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_smtp_policy_test.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `enabled`:(bool) If enabled, an attempt will be made to send a test email notification to the configured recipients. 
* `last_status_details`:(string) Information on the last status, including any encountered error specifics, to assist users in troubleshooting SMTP policy issues. 
* `last_successful_attempt_time`:(string) The date and time of the most recent successful attempt to send a test email notification. 
* `last_test_status`:(string) Status of the last test email notification.* `` - Notification has not been tried.* `failed` - Sending notification failed.* `success` - Sending notification successful. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
 
