---
subcategory: "thermal"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_thermal_policy_inventory"
description: |-
        The Thermal Policy is a reusable policy for managing the thermal and fan control settings of a server or chassis.
        #### Purpose
        The purpose of this policy is to allow administrators to define a cooling strategy for their hardware. By selecting a specific fan control mode, they can balance the trade-offs between cooling performance, power consumption, and acoustic noise to best suit the operating environment and workload requirements.
        #### Key Concepts
        - **Fan Control Mode:** The core of the policy is the fanControlMode setting, which offers several presets (e.g., Balanced, Low Power, Maximum Cooling, Acoustic) to dictate fan speed behavior.
        - **Chassis and Server Application:** The policy can be applied to both Server Profiles and Chassis Profiles, allowing for consistent thermal management at both the individual server and chassis levels.
        - **Platform-Specific Options:** The available fan control modes can vary depending on the server or chassis model (e.g., certain modes are exclusive to UCS X-Series).
        - **Profile-Based Management:** As a policy object, it ensures that all devices associated with a profile adhere to the same thermal strategy.

---

# Data Source: intersight_thermal_policy_inventory
The Thermal Policy is a reusable policy for managing the thermal and fan control settings of a server or chassis.
#### Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to allow administrators to define a cooling strategy for their hardware. By selecting a specific fan control mode, they can balance the trade-offs between cooling performance, power consumption, and acoustic noise to best suit the operating environment and workload requirements.
#### Key Concepts
- **Fan Control Mode:** The core of the policy is the fanControlMode setting, which offers several presets (e.g., Balanced, Low Power, Maximum Cooling, Acoustic) to dictate fan speed behavior.
- **Chassis and Server Application:** The policy can be applied to both Server Profiles and Chassis Profiles, allowing for consistent thermal management at both the individual server and chassis levels.
- **Platform-Specific Options:** The available fan control modes can vary depending on the server or chassis model (e.g., certain modes are exclusive to UCS X-Series).
- **Profile-Based Management:** As a policy object, it ensures that all devices associated with a profile adhere to the same thermal strategy.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_thermal_policy_inventory.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `aggressive_cooling`:(string) Sets the Aggressive Cooling to Enable/Disable.* `Disabled` - Set the value to Disabled.* `Enabled` - Set the value to Enabled. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `description`:(string) Description of the policy. 
* `device_mo_id`:(string) Device ID of the entity from where inventory is reported. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `fan_control_mode`:(string) Sets the Fan Control Mode. High Power, Maximum Power and Acoustic modes are supported only on the Cisco UCS C-Series servers and on the X-Series Chassis. Maximum cooling mode is only supported on Unified Edge platforms and Cisco UCS C-Series M7+ servers running firmware 4.3 (5.250001) or later.* `Balanced` - The fans run faster when needed based on the heat generated by the server. When possible, the fans returns to the minimum required speed.* `LowPower` - The Fans run at the minimum speed required to keep the server cool.* `HighPower` - The fans are kept at higher speed to emphasizes performance over power consumption. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis.* `MaximumPower` - The fans are always kept at maximum speed. This option provides the most cooling and consumes the most power. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis.* `Acoustic` - The fan speed is reduced to reduce noise levels in acoustic-sensitive environments. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis.* `MaximumCooling` - The fan speed is kept for maximum cooling. This mode is only supported for Cisco UCS C-Series server models M7 and above for server firmware 4.3 (5.250001) and later. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) Name of the inventoried policy object. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
 
