---
subcategory: "thermal"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_thermal_policy"
description: |-
        Thermal Management policy models a configuration that can be applied to Chassis or Server to manage Thermal Features.

---

# Data Source: intersight_thermal_policy
Thermal Management policy models a configuration that can be applied to Chassis or Server to manage Thermal Features.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_thermal_policy.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `description`:(string) Description of the policy. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `fan_control_mode`:(string) Sets the Fan Control Mode of the System. High Power, Maximum Power and Acoustic modes are only supported for Cisco UCS X series Chassis.* `Balanced` - The fans run faster when needed based on the heat generated by the server. When possible, the fans returns to the minimum required speed.* `LowPower` - The Fans run at the minimum speed required to keep the server cool.* `HighPower` - The fans are kept at higher speed to emphasizes performance over power consumption. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis.* `MaximumPower` - The fans are always kept at maximum speed. This option provides the most cooling and consumes the most power. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis.* `Acoustic` - The fan speed is reduced to reduce noise levels in acoustic-sensitive environments. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) Name of the concrete policy. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
 
