---
subcategory: "workload"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_workload_workload_definition"
description: |-
        Details of a Workload Definition.

---

# Data Source: intersight_workload_workload_definition
Details of a Workload Definition.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_workload_workload_definition.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `description`:(string) The description for this workload definition. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) The name for this Workload. You can have multiple versions of the Workload with the same name. Name can only contain letters (a-z, A-Z), numbers (0-9), space, hyphen (-), or an underscore (_). A refName is generated from the given name, and that along with the version must be unique within an Organization. 
* `preferred_version`:(bool) The flag to indicate that this is the preferred (default) version of the workload. 
* `ref_name`:(string) A reference name is generated by the system based on the given name by replacing spaces and hyphen in name with underscore. This reference name is used internally and cannot be edited by users. It may only contain letters (a–z, A–Z), numbers (0–9), and underscores (_). 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `status`:(string) The status of the definition.* `Inactive` - The definition is in an inactive state and there are no workload instances associated with this workload. Changes to input parameters within the workload are allowed in this state.* `Active` - The definition is active and associated with one or more workload instances. 
* `nr_version`:(int) The version of the workload to support multiple versions. 
 
