---
subcategory: "workflow"
layout: "intersight"
page_title: "Intersight: intersight_workflow_workflow_info"
description: |-
        ### Overview
        The WorkflowInfo object encapsulates the execution instance of a workflow, providing details about its progress, state, and execution context. It is essential for monitoring and managing workflow execution.
        #### Purpose
        WorkflowInfo serves as a runtime representation of a workflow execution, capturing all relevant data such as inputs, outputs, status, and execution context. It is vital for tracking the lifecycle and performance of workflows in real-time.
        #### Key Concepts
        - **Execution Tracking:** - Monitors workflow progress, status, and execution metrics, providing insights into workflow performance.
        - **Contextual Information:** - Contains initiator and target information, ensuring that workflows are executed within the correct context. organizational and security context.
        - **State Management:** - Captures the state transitions of workflows, facilitating retries, rollbacks, and recovery actions.
        - **Role-Based Access:** - Ensures secure management and visibility of workflow executions based on user privileges.

---

# Data Source: intersight_workflow_workflow_info
### Overview
The WorkflowInfo object encapsulates the execution instance of a workflow, providing details about its progress, state, and execution context. It is essential for monitoring and managing workflow execution.
#### Purpose
WorkflowInfo serves as a runtime representation of a workflow execution, capturing all relevant data such as inputs, outputs, status, and execution context. It is vital for tracking the lifecycle and performance of workflows in real-time.
#### Key Concepts
- **Execution Tracking:** - Monitors workflow progress, status, and execution metrics, providing insights into workflow performance.
- **Contextual Information:** - Contains initiator and target information, ensuring that workflows are executed within the correct context. organizational and security context.
- **State Management:** - Captures the state transitions of workflows, facilitating retries, rollbacks, and recovery actions.
- **Role-Based Access:** - Ensures secure management and visibility of workflow executions based on user privileges.
## Argument Reference
The results of this data source are stored in `results` property.
All objects matching the filter criteria are fetched through pagination.
To access the ith object of the results obtained, use `data.intersight_workflow_workflow_info.<custom_name>.results[i].<propertyname>`.
The following arguments can be used to get data of already created objects in Intersight appliance:
* `account_moid`:(string) The Account ID for this managed object. 
* `action`:(string) The action of the workflow such as start, cancel, retry, pause.* `None` - No action is set, this is the default value for action field.* `Create` - Create a new instance of the workflow but it does not start the execution of the workflow. Use the Start action to start execution of the workflow.* `Start` - Start a new execution of the workflow.* `Pause` - Pause the workflow, this can only be issued on workflows that are in running state. A workflow can be paused for a maximum of 180 days, after 180 days the workflow will be terminated by the system.* `Resume` - Resume the workflow which was previously paused through pause action on the workflow.* `Rerun` - Rerun the workflow that has previously reached a failed state. The workflow is run from the beginning using inputs from previous execution. Completed and currently running workflows cannot be rerun. Workflows do not have to be marked for retry to use this action.* `Retry` - This action has been deprecated. Please use RetryFailed, Rerun or RetryFromTask action. Retry the workflow that has previously reached a final state and has the retryable property set to true. A running or waiting workflow cannot be retried. If the property retryFromTaskName is also passed along with this action, the workflow will be started from that specific task, otherwise the workflow will be restarted from the first task.  The task name in retryFromTaskName must be one of the tasks that completed or failed in the previous run. It is not possible to retry a workflow from a task which wasn't run in the previous iteration.* `RetryFailed` - Retry the workflow that has failed. A running or waiting workflow or a workflow that completed successfully cannot be retried. Only the tasks that failed in the previous run will be retried and the rest of workflow will be run. This action does not restart the workflow and also does not support retrying from a specific task.* `RetryFromTask` - Retry the workflow that has previously reached a failed state and has the retryable property set to true. A running or waiting workflow cannot be retried. RetryFromTaskName must be passed along with this action, and the workflow will be started from that specific task. The task name in RetryFromTaskName must be one of the tasks that was executed in the previous attempt. It is not possible to retry a workflow from a task that wasn't run in the previous execution attempt.* `Cancel` - Cancel the workflow that is in running or waiting state. 
* `cleanup_time`:(string) The time when the workflow info will be removed from the database. When WorkflowInfo is created, cleanup time will be set to 181 days. As the workflow progresses through different states the cleanup time can be updated. A cleanup time of 0 means the workflow is not scheduled for cleanup. An active workflow that continues to schedule & run tasks can run for any amount of time and there is no upper bound for such workflows. Workflows that are not actively running, say in Paused or Waiting states will be removed after 181 days. 
* `create_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was created. 
* `domain_group_moid`:(string) The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. 
* `email`:(string) The email address of the user who started this workflow. In the case of LDAP users, this field can hold either a username or an email. 
* `end_time`:(string) The time when the workflow reached a final state. 
* `failed_workflow_cleanup_duration`:(int) The duration in hours after which the workflow info for failed, terminated or timed out workflow will be removed from database. The minimum is 1 hour, maximum is 365 days and default is 90 days. 
* `inst_id`:(string) A workflow instance Id which is the unique identified for the workflow execution. 
* `internal`:(bool) Denotes that an Intersight service started this workflow as internal and hence will not be shown in Intersight User Interface. Typically these are internal system maintenance workflows which are triggered by Intersight services. 
* `last_action`:(string) The last action that was issued on the workflow is saved in this field.* `None` - No action is set, this is the default value for action field.* `Create` - Create a new instance of the workflow but it does not start the execution of the workflow. Use the Start action to start execution of the workflow.* `Start` - Start a new execution of the workflow.* `Pause` - Pause the workflow, this can only be issued on workflows that are in running state. A workflow can be paused for a maximum of 180 days, after 180 days the workflow will be terminated by the system.* `Resume` - Resume the workflow which was previously paused through pause action on the workflow.* `Rerun` - Rerun the workflow that has previously reached a failed state. The workflow is run from the beginning using inputs from previous execution. Completed and currently running workflows cannot be rerun. Workflows do not have to be marked for retry to use this action.* `Retry` - This action has been deprecated. Please use RetryFailed, Rerun or RetryFromTask action. Retry the workflow that has previously reached a final state and has the retryable property set to true. A running or waiting workflow cannot be retried. If the property retryFromTaskName is also passed along with this action, the workflow will be started from that specific task, otherwise the workflow will be restarted from the first task.  The task name in retryFromTaskName must be one of the tasks that completed or failed in the previous run. It is not possible to retry a workflow from a task which wasn't run in the previous iteration.* `RetryFailed` - Retry the workflow that has failed. A running or waiting workflow or a workflow that completed successfully cannot be retried. Only the tasks that failed in the previous run will be retried and the rest of workflow will be run. This action does not restart the workflow and also does not support retrying from a specific task.* `RetryFromTask` - Retry the workflow that has previously reached a failed state and has the retryable property set to true. A running or waiting workflow cannot be retried. RetryFromTaskName must be passed along with this action, and the workflow will be started from that specific task. The task name in RetryFromTaskName must be one of the tasks that was executed in the previous attempt. It is not possible to retry a workflow from a task that wasn't run in the previous execution attempt.* `Cancel` - Cancel the workflow that is in running or waiting state. 
* `mod_time`:(string) The time when this managed object was last modified. 
* `moid`:(string) The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. 
* `name`:(string) A name of the workflow execution instance. 
* `pause_reason`:(string) Denotes the reason workflow is in paused status.* `None` - Pause reason is none, which indicates there is no reason for the pause state.* `TaskWithWarning` - Pause reason indicates the workflow is in this state due to a task that has a status as completed with warnings.* `SystemMaintenance` - Pause reason indicates the workflow is in this state based on actions of system admin for maintenance. 
* `progress`:(float) This field indicates percentage of workflow task completion based on the total number of tasks in the workflow. The total number of tasks in the workflow is calculated based on the longest path the workflow execution can take. So progress is calculated based on the percentage of tasks that completed out of the total number of tasks that could be executed. Progress is not a representation of the time taken to complete the workflow. A task is considered as completed if the task status is either \ NO_OP\  or \ COMPLETED\ . If the task status is \ SKIP_TO_FAIL\ , the workflow will be terminated and the progress of the workflow will be set to 100. 
* `retry_from_task_name`:(string) This field is required when RetryFromTask action is issued for a workflow that is in a 'final' state. The workflow will be retried from the specified task. This field must specify a task name which is the unique name of the task within the workflow. The task name must be one of the tasks that were completed or failed in the previous run. It is not possible to retry a workflow from a task that wasn't run in the previous execution attempt. 
* `shared_scope`:(string) Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs.Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a 'shared' ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. 
* `src`:(string) The source service that started the workflow execution and hence represents the owning service for this workflow. 
* `start_time`:(string) The time when the workflow was started for execution. 
* `status`:(string) A status of the workflow (RUNNING, WAITING, COMPLETED, TIME_OUT, FAILED). The \ status\  field has been deprecated and is now replaced with the \ workflowStatus\  field. 
* `success_workflow_cleanup_duration`:(int) The duration in hours after which the workflow info for successful workflow will be removed from database. The minimum is 1 hour, maximum is 365 days and default is 90 days. 
* `trace_id`:(string) The trace id to keep track of workflow execution. 
* `type`:(string) A type of the workflow (serverconfig, ansible_monitoring). 
* `user_action_required`:(bool) Property will be set when a user action is required on the workflow. This can be because the workflow is waiting for a wait task to be updated, workflow is paused or workflow launched by a configuration object has failed and needs to be retried in order to complete successfully. 
* `user_id`:(string) The user identifier which indicates the user that started this workflow. 
* `wait_reason`:(string) Denotes the reason workflow is in waiting status.* `None` - Wait reason is none, which indicates there is no reason for the waiting state.* `GatherTasks` - Wait reason is gathering tasks, which indicates the workflow is in this state in order to gather tasks.* `Duplicate` - Wait reason is duplicate, which indicates the workflow is a duplicate of current running workflow.* `RateLimit` - Wait reason is rate limit, which indicates the workflow is rate limited by account/instance level throttling threshold.* `WaitTask` - Wait reason when there are one or more wait tasks in the workflow which are yet to receive a task status update.* `PendingRetryFailed` - Wait reason when the workflow is pending a RetryFailed action.* `WaitingToStart` - Workflow is waiting to start on workflow engine. 
* `workflow_status`:(string) The current state of the workflow execution instance. A draft workflow execution will be in NotStarted state and when \ Start\  action is issued then the workflow will move into Waiting state until the first task of the workflow is scheduled at which time it will move into InProgress state. When execution reaches a final state it move to either Completed, Failed or Terminated state. For more details look at the description for each state.* `NotStarted` - Initially all the workflow instances are at \ NotStarted\  state. A workflow can be drafted in this state by issuing Create action. When a workflow is in this state the inputs can be updated until the workflow is started.* `InProgress` - A workflow execution moves into \ InProgress\  state when the first task of the workflow is scheduled for execution and continues to remain in that state as long as there are tasks executing or yet to be scheduled for execution.* `Waiting` - Workflow can go to waiting state due to execution of wait task present in the workflow or the workflow has not started yet either due to duplicate workflow is running or due to workflow throttling. Once Workflow engine picks up the workflow for execution, it will move to in progress state.* `Completed` - A workflow execution moves into Completed state when the execution path of the workflow has reached the Success node in the workflow design and there are no more tasks to be executed. Completed is the final state for the workflow execution instance and no further actions are allowed on this workflow instance.* `Failed` - A workflow execution moves into a Failed state when the execution path of the workflow has reached the Failed node in the workflow design and there are no more tasks to be scheduled. A Failed node can be reached when the last executed task has failed or timed out and there are no further retries available for the task. Also as per the workflow design, the last executed task did not specify an OnFailure task to be executed and hence by default, the execution will reach the Failed node. Actions like \ Rerun\ , \ RetryFailed\  and \ RetryFromTask\  can be issued on failed workflow instances. Please refer to the \ Action\  description for more details.* `Terminated` - A workflow execution moves to Terminated state when user issues a \ Cancel\  action or due to internal errors caused during workflow execution. e.g. - Task input transformation has failed. Terminated is a final state of the workflow, no further action are allowed on this workflow instance.* `Canceled` - A workflow execution moves to Canceled state when a user issues a \ Cancel\  action. Cancel is not a final state, the workflow engine will issue cancel to all the running tasks and then move the workflow to the \ Terminated\  state.* `Paused` - A workflow execution moves to Paused state when user issues a \ Pause\  action. When in paused state the current running task will complete its execution but no further tasks will be scheduled until the workflow is resumed. A paused workflow is resumed when the user issues a \ Resume\  action. Paused workflows can be canceled by user. 
 
