# KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "kubernetes.ObjectMeta"]
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "kubernetes.ObjectMeta"]
**CreationTimestamp** | Pointer to **string** | CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created. It is not guaranteed to be set in happens-before order across separate operations. Clients may not set this value. It is represented in RFC3339 form and is in UTC. Populated by the system. Read-only. Null for lists. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name must be unique within a namespace. Is required when creating resources, although some resources may allow a client to request the generation of an appropriate name automatically. Name is primarily intended for creation idempotence and configuration definition. Read-only. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Namespace** | Pointer to **string** | Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique. An empty namespace is equivalent to the \&quot;default\&quot; namespace, but \&quot;default\&quot; is the canonical representation. Read-only. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ResourceVersion** | Pointer to **string** | Specific resourceVersion to which this reference is made, if any. | [optional] 
**Uuid** | Pointer to **string** | UID is the unique in time and space value for this object. It is typically generated by the server on successful creation of a resource and is not allowed to change on PUT operations. Populated by the system. Read-only. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewKubernetesObjectMetaAllOf

`func NewKubernetesObjectMetaAllOf(classId string, objectType string, ) *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf`

NewKubernetesObjectMetaAllOf instantiates a new KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewKubernetesObjectMetaAllOfWithDefaults

`func NewKubernetesObjectMetaAllOfWithDefaults() *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf`

NewKubernetesObjectMetaAllOfWithDefaults instantiates a new KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClassId

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetObjectType

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetCreationTimestamp

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetCreationTimestamp() string`

GetCreationTimestamp returns the CreationTimestamp field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreationTimestampOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetCreationTimestampOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCreationTimestampOk returns a tuple with the CreationTimestamp field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreationTimestamp

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetCreationTimestamp(v string)`

SetCreationTimestamp sets CreationTimestamp field to given value.

### HasCreationTimestamp

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) HasCreationTimestamp() bool`

HasCreationTimestamp returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNamespace

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetNamespace() string`

GetNamespace returns the Namespace field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNamespaceOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetNamespaceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNamespaceOk returns a tuple with the Namespace field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNamespace

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetNamespace(v string)`

SetNamespace sets Namespace field to given value.

### HasNamespace

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) HasNamespace() bool`

HasNamespace returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResourceVersion

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetResourceVersion() string`

GetResourceVersion returns the ResourceVersion field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResourceVersionOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetResourceVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResourceVersionOk returns a tuple with the ResourceVersion field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResourceVersion

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetResourceVersion(v string)`

SetResourceVersion sets ResourceVersion field to given value.

### HasResourceVersion

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) HasResourceVersion() bool`

HasResourceVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUuid

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.

### HasUuid

`func (o *KubernetesObjectMetaAllOf) HasUuid() bool`

HasUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


