# KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. The enum values provides the list of concrete types that can be instantiated from this abstract type. | 
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. The enum values provides the list of concrete types that can be instantiated from this abstract type. | 
**Metadata** | Pointer to [**NullableKubernetesObjectMeta**](KubernetesObjectMeta.md) |  | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the referenced kubernetes resource. | [optional] 
**Uuid** | Pointer to **string** | UUID of the referenced kubernetes resource. It is generated by the kubernetes cluster itself. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewKubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf

`func NewKubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf(classId string, objectType string, ) *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf`

NewKubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf instantiates a new KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewKubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOfWithDefaults

`func NewKubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOfWithDefaults() *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf`

NewKubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOfWithDefaults instantiates a new KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClassId

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetObjectType

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetMetadata

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetMetadata() KubernetesObjectMeta`

GetMetadata returns the Metadata field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMetadataOk

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetMetadataOk() (*KubernetesObjectMeta, bool)`

GetMetadataOk returns a tuple with the Metadata field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMetadata

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) SetMetadata(v KubernetesObjectMeta)`

SetMetadata sets Metadata field to given value.

### HasMetadata

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) HasMetadata() bool`

HasMetadata returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMetadataNil

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) SetMetadataNil(b bool)`

 SetMetadataNil sets the value for Metadata to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMetadata
`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) UnsetMetadata()`

UnsetMetadata ensures that no value is present for Metadata, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUuid

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.

### HasUuid

`func (o *KubernetesKubernetesResourceAllOf) HasUuid() bool`

HasUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


