# OnpremUpgrade

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "onprem.Upgrade"]
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "onprem.Upgrade"]
**Active** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates if the software upgrade is active or not. | [optional] [readonly] 
**AllNodesPingable** | Pointer to **bool** | Flag to indicate if all the nodes in the cluster are pingable. It is used to determine if the upgrade can be started. | [optional] [readonly] [default to true]
**CompletedPhases** | Pointer to [**[]OnpremUpgradePhase**](OnpremUpgradePhase.md) |  | [optional] 
**CurrentPhase** | Pointer to [**NullableOnpremUpgradePhase**](OnpremUpgradePhase.md) |  | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | Description of the software upgrade. | [optional] [readonly] 
**EndTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | End date of the software upgrade. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ErrorCode** | Pointer to **int64** | Error code for Intersight Appliance&#39;s software upgrade. In case of failure - this code will help decide if software upgrade can be retried. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Fingerprint** | Pointer to **string** | Software upgrade manifest&#39;s fingerprint. | [optional] [readonly] 
**IsPatch** | Pointer to **bool** | Flag to indicate if the software upgrade is a patch upgrade. | [optional] [readonly] 
**IsRollingBack** | Pointer to **bool** | Track if software upgrade is upgrading or rolling back. | [optional] [readonly] [default to false]
**IsUserTriggered** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates if the upgrade is triggered by user or due to schedule. | [optional] [readonly] [default to false]
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the upgrade. The name is auto-generated by the system when the upgrade is created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Progress** | Pointer to **int64** | Progress of the software upgrade. It is a percentage value between 0 and 100. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RollbackNeeded** | Pointer to **bool** | Track if rollback is needed. | [optional] [readonly] [default to false]
**RollbackStatus** | Pointer to **string** | Status of the Intersight Appliance&#39;s software rollback status. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ScheduledTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | It is the time when the upgrade will be started. It is calculated based on the upgrade grace period and the current time. It is a system generated field and cannot be modified by the user. User cannot postpone the upgrade beyond the scheduled time. | [optional] [readonly] 
**StartTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Start date of the software upgrade. UI can modify startTime to re-schedule an upgrade. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | Status of the Intersight Appliance&#39;s software upgrade. | [optional] [readonly] 
**UpgradeGracePeriod** | Pointer to **int64** | Grace period in seconds before the automatic upgrade is initiated. The upgrade service uses the grace period to compute the upgrade start time when it receives an upgrade notfication from the Intersight. If there is an Upgrade Policy configured for the Intersight Appliance, then the upgrade service uses the policy to compute the upgrade start time. However, the upgrade start time cannot not exceed the limit enforced by the grace period. | [optional] [readonly] 
**UpgradeImpactDuration** | Pointer to **int64** | Duration (in minutes) for which services will be disrupted. | [optional] [readonly] [default to 0]
**UpgradeImpactEnum** | Pointer to **string** | UpgradeImpactEnum is used to indicate the kind of impact the upgrade has on currently running services on the appliance. * &#x60;None&#x60; - The upgrade has no effect on the system. * &#x60;Disruptive&#x60; - The services will not be functional during the upgrade. * &#x60;Disruptive-reboot&#x60; - The upgrade needs a reboot. | [optional] [readonly] [default to "None"]
**Version** | Pointer to **string** | Software upgrade manifest&#39;s version. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewOnpremUpgrade

`func NewOnpremUpgrade(classId string, objectType string, ) *OnpremUpgrade`

NewOnpremUpgrade instantiates a new OnpremUpgrade object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewOnpremUpgradeWithDefaults

`func NewOnpremUpgradeWithDefaults() *OnpremUpgrade`

NewOnpremUpgradeWithDefaults instantiates a new OnpremUpgrade object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClassId

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetObjectType

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetActive

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetActive() bool`

GetActive returns the Active field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetActiveOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetActiveOk returns a tuple with the Active field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActive

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetActive(v bool)`

SetActive sets Active field to given value.

### HasActive

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasActive() bool`

HasActive returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAllNodesPingable

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetAllNodesPingable() bool`

GetAllNodesPingable returns the AllNodesPingable field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAllNodesPingableOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetAllNodesPingableOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAllNodesPingableOk returns a tuple with the AllNodesPingable field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAllNodesPingable

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetAllNodesPingable(v bool)`

SetAllNodesPingable sets AllNodesPingable field to given value.

### HasAllNodesPingable

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasAllNodesPingable() bool`

HasAllNodesPingable returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCompletedPhases

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetCompletedPhases() []OnpremUpgradePhase`

GetCompletedPhases returns the CompletedPhases field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCompletedPhasesOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetCompletedPhasesOk() (*[]OnpremUpgradePhase, bool)`

GetCompletedPhasesOk returns a tuple with the CompletedPhases field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCompletedPhases

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetCompletedPhases(v []OnpremUpgradePhase)`

SetCompletedPhases sets CompletedPhases field to given value.

### HasCompletedPhases

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasCompletedPhases() bool`

HasCompletedPhases returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCompletedPhasesNil

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetCompletedPhasesNil(b bool)`

 SetCompletedPhasesNil sets the value for CompletedPhases to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCompletedPhases
`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) UnsetCompletedPhases()`

UnsetCompletedPhases ensures that no value is present for CompletedPhases, not even an explicit nil
### GetCurrentPhase

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetCurrentPhase() OnpremUpgradePhase`

GetCurrentPhase returns the CurrentPhase field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrentPhaseOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetCurrentPhaseOk() (*OnpremUpgradePhase, bool)`

GetCurrentPhaseOk returns a tuple with the CurrentPhase field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrentPhase

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetCurrentPhase(v OnpremUpgradePhase)`

SetCurrentPhase sets CurrentPhase field to given value.

### HasCurrentPhase

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasCurrentPhase() bool`

HasCurrentPhase returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCurrentPhaseNil

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetCurrentPhaseNil(b bool)`

 SetCurrentPhaseNil sets the value for CurrentPhase to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCurrentPhase
`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) UnsetCurrentPhase()`

UnsetCurrentPhase ensures that no value is present for CurrentPhase, not even an explicit nil
### GetDescription

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEndTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetEndTime() time.Time`

GetEndTime returns the EndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndTimeOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetEndTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the EndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetEndTime(v time.Time)`

SetEndTime sets EndTime field to given value.

### HasEndTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasEndTime() bool`

HasEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetErrorCode

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetErrorCode() int64`

GetErrorCode returns the ErrorCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorCodeOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetErrorCodeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetErrorCodeOk returns a tuple with the ErrorCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetErrorCode

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetErrorCode(v int64)`

SetErrorCode sets ErrorCode field to given value.

### HasErrorCode

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasErrorCode() bool`

HasErrorCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFingerprint

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetFingerprint() string`

GetFingerprint returns the Fingerprint field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFingerprintOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetFingerprintOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFingerprintOk returns a tuple with the Fingerprint field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFingerprint

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetFingerprint(v string)`

SetFingerprint sets Fingerprint field to given value.

### HasFingerprint

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasFingerprint() bool`

HasFingerprint returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsPatch

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetIsPatch() bool`

GetIsPatch returns the IsPatch field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsPatchOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetIsPatchOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsPatchOk returns a tuple with the IsPatch field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsPatch

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetIsPatch(v bool)`

SetIsPatch sets IsPatch field to given value.

### HasIsPatch

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasIsPatch() bool`

HasIsPatch returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsRollingBack

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetIsRollingBack() bool`

GetIsRollingBack returns the IsRollingBack field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsRollingBackOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetIsRollingBackOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsRollingBackOk returns a tuple with the IsRollingBack field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsRollingBack

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetIsRollingBack(v bool)`

SetIsRollingBack sets IsRollingBack field to given value.

### HasIsRollingBack

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasIsRollingBack() bool`

HasIsRollingBack returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsUserTriggered

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetIsUserTriggered() bool`

GetIsUserTriggered returns the IsUserTriggered field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsUserTriggeredOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetIsUserTriggeredOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsUserTriggeredOk returns a tuple with the IsUserTriggered field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsUserTriggered

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetIsUserTriggered(v bool)`

SetIsUserTriggered sets IsUserTriggered field to given value.

### HasIsUserTriggered

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasIsUserTriggered() bool`

HasIsUserTriggered returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProgress

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetProgress() int64`

GetProgress returns the Progress field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProgressOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetProgressOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetProgressOk returns a tuple with the Progress field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProgress

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetProgress(v int64)`

SetProgress sets Progress field to given value.

### HasProgress

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasProgress() bool`

HasProgress returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRollbackNeeded

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetRollbackNeeded() bool`

GetRollbackNeeded returns the RollbackNeeded field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRollbackNeededOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetRollbackNeededOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRollbackNeededOk returns a tuple with the RollbackNeeded field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRollbackNeeded

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetRollbackNeeded(v bool)`

SetRollbackNeeded sets RollbackNeeded field to given value.

### HasRollbackNeeded

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasRollbackNeeded() bool`

HasRollbackNeeded returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRollbackStatus

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetRollbackStatus() string`

GetRollbackStatus returns the RollbackStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRollbackStatusOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetRollbackStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRollbackStatusOk returns a tuple with the RollbackStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRollbackStatus

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetRollbackStatus(v string)`

SetRollbackStatus sets RollbackStatus field to given value.

### HasRollbackStatus

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasRollbackStatus() bool`

HasRollbackStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScheduledTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetScheduledTime() time.Time`

GetScheduledTime returns the ScheduledTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScheduledTimeOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetScheduledTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetScheduledTimeOk returns a tuple with the ScheduledTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScheduledTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetScheduledTime(v time.Time)`

SetScheduledTime sets ScheduledTime field to given value.

### HasScheduledTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasScheduledTime() bool`

HasScheduledTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStartTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetStartTime() time.Time`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetStartTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetStartTime(v time.Time)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.

### HasStartTime

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasStartTime() bool`

HasStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpgradeGracePeriod

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetUpgradeGracePeriod() int64`

GetUpgradeGracePeriod returns the UpgradeGracePeriod field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpgradeGracePeriodOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetUpgradeGracePeriodOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetUpgradeGracePeriodOk returns a tuple with the UpgradeGracePeriod field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpgradeGracePeriod

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetUpgradeGracePeriod(v int64)`

SetUpgradeGracePeriod sets UpgradeGracePeriod field to given value.

### HasUpgradeGracePeriod

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasUpgradeGracePeriod() bool`

HasUpgradeGracePeriod returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpgradeImpactDuration

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetUpgradeImpactDuration() int64`

GetUpgradeImpactDuration returns the UpgradeImpactDuration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpgradeImpactDurationOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetUpgradeImpactDurationOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetUpgradeImpactDurationOk returns a tuple with the UpgradeImpactDuration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpgradeImpactDuration

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetUpgradeImpactDuration(v int64)`

SetUpgradeImpactDuration sets UpgradeImpactDuration field to given value.

### HasUpgradeImpactDuration

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasUpgradeImpactDuration() bool`

HasUpgradeImpactDuration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpgradeImpactEnum

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetUpgradeImpactEnum() string`

GetUpgradeImpactEnum returns the UpgradeImpactEnum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpgradeImpactEnumOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetUpgradeImpactEnumOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpgradeImpactEnumOk returns a tuple with the UpgradeImpactEnum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpgradeImpactEnum

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetUpgradeImpactEnum(v string)`

SetUpgradeImpactEnum sets UpgradeImpactEnum field to given value.

### HasUpgradeImpactEnum

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasUpgradeImpactEnum() bool`

HasUpgradeImpactEnum returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVersion

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetVersion() string`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) GetVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) SetVersion(v string)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *OnpremUpgrade) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


