# RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "recommendation.PurchaseOrderEstimate"]
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "recommendation.PurchaseOrderEstimate"]
**Action** | Pointer to **string** | Action to be triggered for computing estimate. Default value is None. * &#x60;None&#x60; - The Enum value None represents that no action is triggered on the forecast Instance managed object. * &#x60;Evaluate&#x60; - The Enum value Evaluate represents that a re-evaluation of the forecast needs to be triggered. | [optional] [default to "None"]
**EstimateId** | Pointer to **string** | The unique identification generated by the Cisco commerce APIs portal to identify the recommended bill of materials. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Message** | Pointer to **string** | The user visible message which indicates any errors encountered in making the external API call to get the estimate. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | The status of the external API call to get the estimate. * &#x60;None&#x60; - The Enum value None represents the default status value before any API call is made. * &#x60;Success&#x60; - The Enum value Success represents that the API call returned with success. * &#x60;Fail&#x60; - The Enum value Fail represents that the API call returned with a failure. | [optional] [readonly] [default to "None"]
**TotalCost** | Pointer to **float32** | The total cost of all the recommended hardware in the bill of materials for the corresponding estimate. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ClusterExpansion** | Pointer to [**RecommendationClusterExpansionRelationship**](RecommendationClusterExpansionRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**EstimateOwner** | Pointer to [**IamUserRelationship**](IamUserRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewRecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate

`func NewRecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate(classId string, objectType string, ) *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate`

NewRecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate instantiates a new RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewRecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimateWithDefaults

`func NewRecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimateWithDefaults() *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate`

NewRecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimateWithDefaults instantiates a new RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClassId

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetObjectType

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetAction

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetAction() string`

GetAction returns the Action field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActionOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetActionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActionOk returns a tuple with the Action field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAction

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetAction(v string)`

SetAction sets Action field to given value.

### HasAction

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasAction() bool`

HasAction returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEstimateId

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetEstimateId() string`

GetEstimateId returns the EstimateId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEstimateIdOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetEstimateIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEstimateIdOk returns a tuple with the EstimateId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEstimateId

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetEstimateId(v string)`

SetEstimateId sets EstimateId field to given value.

### HasEstimateId

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasEstimateId() bool`

HasEstimateId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMessage

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetMessage() string`

GetMessage returns the Message field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMessageOk returns a tuple with the Message field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessage

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetMessage(v string)`

SetMessage sets Message field to given value.

### HasMessage

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasMessage() bool`

HasMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTotalCost

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetTotalCost() float32`

GetTotalCost returns the TotalCost field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalCostOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetTotalCostOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTotalCostOk returns a tuple with the TotalCost field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalCost

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetTotalCost(v float32)`

SetTotalCost sets TotalCost field to given value.

### HasTotalCost

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasTotalCost() bool`

HasTotalCost returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClusterExpansion

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetClusterExpansion() RecommendationClusterExpansionRelationship`

GetClusterExpansion returns the ClusterExpansion field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClusterExpansionOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetClusterExpansionOk() (*RecommendationClusterExpansionRelationship, bool)`

GetClusterExpansionOk returns a tuple with the ClusterExpansion field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClusterExpansion

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetClusterExpansion(v RecommendationClusterExpansionRelationship)`

SetClusterExpansion sets ClusterExpansion field to given value.

### HasClusterExpansion

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasClusterExpansion() bool`

HasClusterExpansion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEstimateOwner

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetEstimateOwner() IamUserRelationship`

GetEstimateOwner returns the EstimateOwner field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEstimateOwnerOk

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) GetEstimateOwnerOk() (*IamUserRelationship, bool)`

GetEstimateOwnerOk returns a tuple with the EstimateOwner field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEstimateOwner

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) SetEstimateOwner(v IamUserRelationship)`

SetEstimateOwner sets EstimateOwner field to given value.

### HasEstimateOwner

`func (o *RecommendationPurchaseOrderEstimate) HasEstimateOwner() bool`

HasEstimateOwner returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


