# ThermalPolicyInventory

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "thermal.PolicyInventory"]
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "thermal.PolicyInventory"]
**AggressiveCooling** | Pointer to **string** | Sets the Aggressive Cooling to Enable/Disable. * &#x60;Disabled&#x60; - Set the value to Disabled. * &#x60;Enabled&#x60; - Set the value to Enabled. | [optional] [readonly] [default to "Disabled"]
**FanControlMode** | Pointer to **string** | Sets the Fan Control Mode. High Power, Maximum Power and Acoustic modes are supported only on the Cisco UCS C-Series servers and on the X-Series Chassis. Maximum Cooling mode is only supported for Cisco UCS C-Series server models M7 and above for server firmware 4.3 (5.250001) and later. * &#x60;Balanced&#x60; - The fans run faster when needed based on the heat generated by the server. When possible, the fans returns to the minimum required speed. * &#x60;LowPower&#x60; - The Fans run at the minimum speed required to keep the server cool. * &#x60;HighPower&#x60; - The fans are kept at higher speed to emphasizes performance over power consumption. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis. * &#x60;MaximumPower&#x60; - The fans are always kept at maximum speed. This option provides the most cooling and consumes the most power. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis. * &#x60;Acoustic&#x60; - The fan speed is reduced to reduce noise levels in acoustic-sensitive environments. This Mode is only supported for UCS X series Chassis. * &#x60;MaximumCooling&#x60; - The fan speed is kept for maximum cooling. This mode is only supported for Cisco UCS C-Series server models M7 and above for server firmware 4.3 (5.250001) and later. | [optional] [readonly] [default to "Balanced"]
**TargetMo** | Pointer to [**NullableMoBaseMoRelationship**](MoBaseMoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewThermalPolicyInventory

`func NewThermalPolicyInventory(classId string, objectType string, ) *ThermalPolicyInventory`

NewThermalPolicyInventory instantiates a new ThermalPolicyInventory object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewThermalPolicyInventoryWithDefaults

`func NewThermalPolicyInventoryWithDefaults() *ThermalPolicyInventory`

NewThermalPolicyInventoryWithDefaults instantiates a new ThermalPolicyInventory object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClassId

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetObjectType

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetAggressiveCooling

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetAggressiveCooling() string`

GetAggressiveCooling returns the AggressiveCooling field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAggressiveCoolingOk

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetAggressiveCoolingOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAggressiveCoolingOk returns a tuple with the AggressiveCooling field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAggressiveCooling

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) SetAggressiveCooling(v string)`

SetAggressiveCooling sets AggressiveCooling field to given value.

### HasAggressiveCooling

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) HasAggressiveCooling() bool`

HasAggressiveCooling returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFanControlMode

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetFanControlMode() string`

GetFanControlMode returns the FanControlMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFanControlModeOk

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetFanControlModeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFanControlModeOk returns a tuple with the FanControlMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFanControlMode

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) SetFanControlMode(v string)`

SetFanControlMode sets FanControlMode field to given value.

### HasFanControlMode

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) HasFanControlMode() bool`

HasFanControlMode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTargetMo

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetTargetMo() MoBaseMoRelationship`

GetTargetMo returns the TargetMo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTargetMoOk

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) GetTargetMoOk() (*MoBaseMoRelationship, bool)`

GetTargetMoOk returns a tuple with the TargetMo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTargetMo

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) SetTargetMo(v MoBaseMoRelationship)`

SetTargetMo sets TargetMo field to given value.

### HasTargetMo

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) HasTargetMo() bool`

HasTargetMo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTargetMoNil

`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) SetTargetMoNil(b bool)`

 SetTargetMoNil sets the value for TargetMo to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTargetMo
`func (o *ThermalPolicyInventory) UnsetTargetMo()`

UnsetTargetMo ensures that no value is present for TargetMo, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


