# WorkflowTaskInfo

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ClassId** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. This property is used as a discriminator to identify the type of the payload when marshaling and unmarshaling data. | [default to "workflow.TaskInfo"]
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified name of the instantiated, concrete type. The value should be the same as the &#39;ClassId&#39; property. | [default to "workflow.TaskInfo"]
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | The task description and this is the description that was added when the task was included into the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**EndTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The time stamp when the task reached a final state. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FailureReason** | Pointer to **string** | Description of the reason why the task failed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Input** | Pointer to **interface{}** | The input data that was sent to the task at the start of execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**InstId** | Pointer to **string** | The instance ID of the task running in the workflow engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Internal** | Pointer to **bool** | Denotes whether or not this is an internal task.  Internal tasks will be hidden from the UI within a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Label** | Pointer to **string** | User friendly short label to describe this task instance in the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Message** | Pointer to [**[]WorkflowMessage**](WorkflowMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Task definition name which specifies the task type. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Output** | Pointer to **interface{}** | The output data that was generated by this task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RefName** | Pointer to **string** | The task reference name to ensure its unique inside a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RetryCount** | Pointer to **int64** | A counter for number of retries. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RollbackDisabled** | Pointer to **bool** | The task is disabled/enabled for rollback operation in this workflow if the task has rollback support. | [optional] [readonly] [default to false]
**RunningInstId** | Pointer to **string** | The instance ID of the task that is currently being executed. When retrying a workflow with failed tasks, the task in workflow engine will have a new instance ID, but the task may still be in-progress. In this case, the task instId reflects the instance ID in the workflow engine, while runningInstId reflects the instance ID of the instance that is currently being executed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**StartTime** | Pointer to **time.Time** | The time stamp when the task started execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | The status of the task and this will specify if the task is running or has reached a final state. | [optional] 
**TaskInstIdList** | Pointer to [**[]WorkflowTaskRetryInfo**](WorkflowTaskRetryInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**SubWorkflowInfo** | Pointer to [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaskDefinition** | Pointer to [**WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship**](WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**WorkflowInfo** | Pointer to [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewWorkflowTaskInfo

`func NewWorkflowTaskInfo(classId string, objectType string, ) *WorkflowTaskInfo`

NewWorkflowTaskInfo instantiates a new WorkflowTaskInfo object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewWorkflowTaskInfoWithDefaults

`func NewWorkflowTaskInfoWithDefaults() *WorkflowTaskInfo`

NewWorkflowTaskInfoWithDefaults instantiates a new WorkflowTaskInfo object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetClassId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetObjectType

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetDescription

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEndTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetEndTime() time.Time`

GetEndTime returns the EndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndTimeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetEndTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the EndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetEndTime(v time.Time)`

SetEndTime sets EndTime field to given value.

### HasEndTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasEndTime() bool`

HasEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFailureReason

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetFailureReason() string`

GetFailureReason returns the FailureReason field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailureReasonOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetFailureReasonOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFailureReasonOk returns a tuple with the FailureReason field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailureReason

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetFailureReason(v string)`

SetFailureReason sets FailureReason field to given value.

### HasFailureReason

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasFailureReason() bool`

HasFailureReason returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetInput() interface{}`

GetInput returns the Input field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetInputOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetInputOk returns a tuple with the Input field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetInput(v interface{})`

SetInput sets Input field to given value.

### HasInput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasInput() bool`

HasInput returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetInputNil(b bool)`

 SetInputNil sets the value for Input to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInput
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) UnsetInput()`

UnsetInput ensures that no value is present for Input, not even an explicit nil
### GetInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetInstId() string`

GetInstId returns the InstId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstIdOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetInstIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstIdOk returns a tuple with the InstId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetInstId(v string)`

SetInstId sets InstId field to given value.

### HasInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasInstId() bool`

HasInstId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInternal

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetInternal() bool`

GetInternal returns the Internal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInternalOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetInternalOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetInternalOk returns a tuple with the Internal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInternal

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetInternal(v bool)`

SetInternal sets Internal field to given value.

### HasInternal

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasInternal() bool`

HasInternal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLabel

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetLabel() string`

GetLabel returns the Label field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLabelOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetLabelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLabelOk returns a tuple with the Label field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLabel

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetLabel(v string)`

SetLabel sets Label field to given value.

### HasLabel

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasLabel() bool`

HasLabel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMessage

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetMessage() []WorkflowMessage`

GetMessage returns the Message field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetMessageOk() (*[]WorkflowMessage, bool)`

GetMessageOk returns a tuple with the Message field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessage

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetMessage(v []WorkflowMessage)`

SetMessage sets Message field to given value.

### HasMessage

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasMessage() bool`

HasMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMessageNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetMessageNil(b bool)`

 SetMessageNil sets the value for Message to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMessage
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) UnsetMessage()`

UnsetMessage ensures that no value is present for Message, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOutput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetOutput() interface{}`

GetOutput returns the Output field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOutputOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetOutputOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetOutputOk returns a tuple with the Output field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOutput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetOutput(v interface{})`

SetOutput sets Output field to given value.

### HasOutput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasOutput() bool`

HasOutput returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetOutputNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetOutputNil(b bool)`

 SetOutputNil sets the value for Output to be an explicit nil

### UnsetOutput
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) UnsetOutput()`

UnsetOutput ensures that no value is present for Output, not even an explicit nil
### GetRefName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRefName() string`

GetRefName returns the RefName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefNameOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRefNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRefNameOk returns a tuple with the RefName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRefName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetRefName(v string)`

SetRefName sets RefName field to given value.

### HasRefName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasRefName() bool`

HasRefName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetryCount

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRetryCount() int64`

GetRetryCount returns the RetryCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetryCountOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRetryCountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetRetryCountOk returns a tuple with the RetryCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetryCount

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetRetryCount(v int64)`

SetRetryCount sets RetryCount field to given value.

### HasRetryCount

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasRetryCount() bool`

HasRetryCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRollbackDisabled

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRollbackDisabled() bool`

GetRollbackDisabled returns the RollbackDisabled field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRollbackDisabledOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRollbackDisabledOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetRollbackDisabledOk returns a tuple with the RollbackDisabled field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRollbackDisabled

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetRollbackDisabled(v bool)`

SetRollbackDisabled sets RollbackDisabled field to given value.

### HasRollbackDisabled

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasRollbackDisabled() bool`

HasRollbackDisabled returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRunningInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRunningInstId() string`

GetRunningInstId returns the RunningInstId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRunningInstIdOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetRunningInstIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRunningInstIdOk returns a tuple with the RunningInstId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRunningInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetRunningInstId(v string)`

SetRunningInstId sets RunningInstId field to given value.

### HasRunningInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasRunningInstId() bool`

HasRunningInstId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStartTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetStartTime() time.Time`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetStartTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetStartTime(v time.Time)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.

### HasStartTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasStartTime() bool`

HasStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaskInstIdList

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetTaskInstIdList() []WorkflowTaskRetryInfo`

GetTaskInstIdList returns the TaskInstIdList field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaskInstIdListOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetTaskInstIdListOk() (*[]WorkflowTaskRetryInfo, bool)`

GetTaskInstIdListOk returns a tuple with the TaskInstIdList field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaskInstIdList

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetTaskInstIdList(v []WorkflowTaskRetryInfo)`

SetTaskInstIdList sets TaskInstIdList field to given value.

### HasTaskInstIdList

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasTaskInstIdList() bool`

HasTaskInstIdList returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTaskInstIdListNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetTaskInstIdListNil(b bool)`

 SetTaskInstIdListNil sets the value for TaskInstIdList to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTaskInstIdList
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) UnsetTaskInstIdList()`

UnsetTaskInstIdList ensures that no value is present for TaskInstIdList, not even an explicit nil
### GetSubWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetSubWorkflowInfo() WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship`

GetSubWorkflowInfo returns the SubWorkflowInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubWorkflowInfoOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetSubWorkflowInfoOk() (*WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship, bool)`

GetSubWorkflowInfoOk returns a tuple with the SubWorkflowInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetSubWorkflowInfo(v WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship)`

SetSubWorkflowInfo sets SubWorkflowInfo field to given value.

### HasSubWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasSubWorkflowInfo() bool`

HasSubWorkflowInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaskDefinition

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetTaskDefinition() WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship`

GetTaskDefinition returns the TaskDefinition field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaskDefinitionOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetTaskDefinitionOk() (*WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship, bool)`

GetTaskDefinitionOk returns a tuple with the TaskDefinition field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaskDefinition

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetTaskDefinition(v WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship)`

SetTaskDefinition sets TaskDefinition field to given value.

### HasTaskDefinition

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasTaskDefinition() bool`

HasTaskDefinition returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetWorkflowInfo() WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship`

GetWorkflowInfo returns the WorkflowInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWorkflowInfoOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) GetWorkflowInfoOk() (*WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship, bool)`

GetWorkflowInfoOk returns a tuple with the WorkflowInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) SetWorkflowInfo(v WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship)`

SetWorkflowInfo sets WorkflowInfo field to given value.

### HasWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfo) HasWorkflowInfo() bool`

HasWorkflowInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


