# WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountMoid** | Pointer to **string** | The Account ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ClassId** | **string** | The concrete type of this complex type. Its value must be the same as the &#39;objectType&#39; property. The OpenAPI document references this property as a discriminator value. | [readonly] 
**CreateTime** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The time when this managed object was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DomainGroupMoid** | Pointer to **string** | The DomainGroup ID for this managed object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ModTime** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The time when this managed object was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Moid** | Pointer to **string** | The unique identifier of this Managed Object instance. | [optional] 
**ObjectType** | **string** | The fully-qualified type of this managed object, i.e. the class name. This property is optional. The ObjectType is implied from the URL path. If specified, the value of objectType must match the class name specified in the URL path. | [readonly] 
**Owners** | Pointer to **[]string** |  | [optional] 
**SharedScope** | Pointer to **string** | Intersight provides pre-built workflows, tasks and policies to end users through global catalogs. Objects that are made available through global catalogs are said to have a &#39;shared&#39; ownership. Shared objects are either made globally available to all end users or restricted to end users based on their license entitlement. Users can use this property to differentiate the scope (global or a specific license tier) to which a shared MO belongs. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Tags** | Pointer to [**[]MoTag**](mo.Tag.md) |  | [optional] 
**VersionContext** | Pointer to [**MoVersionContext**](mo.VersionContext.md) |  | [optional] 
**Ancestors** | Pointer to [**[]MoBaseMoRelationship**](mo.BaseMo.Relationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Parent** | Pointer to [**MoBaseMoRelationship**](mo.BaseMo.Relationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**PermissionResources** | Pointer to [**[]MoBaseMoRelationship**](mo.BaseMo.Relationship.md) | An array of relationships to moBaseMo resources. | [optional] [readonly] 
**DisplayNames** | Pointer to [**map[string][]string**](array.md) | A set of display names for the MO resource. These names are calculated based on other properties of the MO and potentially properties of Ancestor MOs. Displaynames are intended as a way to provide a normalized user appropriate name for an MO, especially for MOs which do not have a &#39;Name&#39; property, which is the case for much of the inventory discovered from managed targets. There are a limited number of keys, currently &#39;short&#39; and &#39;hierarchical&#39;. The value is an array and clients should use the first element of the array. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | The task description and this is the description that was added when the task was included into the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**EndTime** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The time stamp when the task reached a final state. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FailureReason** | Pointer to **string** | Description of the reason why the task failed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Input** | Pointer to **interface{}** | The input data that was sent to the task at the start of execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**InstId** | Pointer to **string** | The instance ID of the task running in the workflow engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Internal** | Pointer to **bool** | Denotes whether or not this is an internal task.  Internal tasks will be hidden from the UI within a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Label** | Pointer to **string** | User friendly short label to describe this task instance in the workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Message** | Pointer to [**[]WorkflowMessage**](workflow.Message.md) |  | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Task definition name which specifies the task type. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Output** | Pointer to **interface{}** | The output data that was generated by this task. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RefName** | Pointer to **string** | The task reference name to ensure its unique inside a workflow. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RetryCount** | Pointer to **int64** | A counter for number of retries. | [optional] [readonly] 
**RunningInstId** | Pointer to **string** | The instance ID of the task that is currently being executed. When retrying a workflow with failed tasks, the task in workflow engine will have a new instance ID, but the task may still be in-progress. In this case, the task instId reflects the instance ID in the workflow engine, while runningInstId reflects the instance ID of the instance that is currently being executed. | [optional] [readonly] 
**StartTime** | Pointer to [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The time stamp when the task started execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | The status of the task and this will specify if the task is running or has reached a final state. | [optional] 
**TaskInstIdList** | Pointer to [**[]WorkflowTaskRetryInfo**](workflow.TaskRetryInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**SubWorkflowInfo** | Pointer to [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](workflow.WorkflowInfo.Relationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaskDefinition** | Pointer to [**WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship**](workflow.TaskDefinition.Relationship.md) |  | [optional] 
**WorkflowInfo** | Pointer to [**WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship**](workflow.WorkflowInfo.Relationship.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewWorkflowTaskInfoRelationship

`func NewWorkflowTaskInfoRelationship(classId string, objectType string, ) *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship`

NewWorkflowTaskInfoRelationship instantiates a new WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewWorkflowTaskInfoRelationshipWithDefaults

`func NewWorkflowTaskInfoRelationshipWithDefaults() *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship`

NewWorkflowTaskInfoRelationshipWithDefaults instantiates a new WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccountMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetAccountMoid() string`

GetAccountMoid returns the AccountMoid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountMoidOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetAccountMoidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAccountMoidOk returns a tuple with the AccountMoid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetAccountMoid(v string)`

SetAccountMoid sets AccountMoid field to given value.

### HasAccountMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasAccountMoid() bool`

HasAccountMoid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClassId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetClassId() string`

GetClassId returns the ClassId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClassIdOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetClassIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClassIdOk returns a tuple with the ClassId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClassId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetClassId(v string)`

SetClassId sets ClassId field to given value.


### GetCreateTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetCreateTime() time.Time`

GetCreateTime returns the CreateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreateTimeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetCreateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreateTimeOk returns a tuple with the CreateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreateTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetCreateTime(v time.Time)`

SetCreateTime sets CreateTime field to given value.

### HasCreateTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasCreateTime() bool`

HasCreateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDomainGroupMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetDomainGroupMoid() string`

GetDomainGroupMoid returns the DomainGroupMoid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDomainGroupMoidOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetDomainGroupMoidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDomainGroupMoidOk returns a tuple with the DomainGroupMoid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDomainGroupMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetDomainGroupMoid(v string)`

SetDomainGroupMoid sets DomainGroupMoid field to given value.

### HasDomainGroupMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasDomainGroupMoid() bool`

HasDomainGroupMoid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetModTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetModTime() time.Time`

GetModTime returns the ModTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModTimeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetModTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetModTimeOk returns a tuple with the ModTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetModTime(v time.Time)`

SetModTime sets ModTime field to given value.

### HasModTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasModTime() bool`

HasModTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetMoid() string`

GetMoid returns the Moid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMoidOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetMoidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMoidOk returns a tuple with the Moid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetMoid(v string)`

SetMoid sets Moid field to given value.

### HasMoid

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasMoid() bool`

HasMoid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectType

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetObjectType() string`

GetObjectType returns the ObjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectTypeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetObjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the ObjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectType

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetObjectType(v string)`

SetObjectType sets ObjectType field to given value.


### GetOwners

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetOwners() []string`

GetOwners returns the Owners field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOwnersOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetOwnersOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetOwnersOk returns a tuple with the Owners field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOwners

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetOwners(v []string)`

SetOwners sets Owners field to given value.

### HasOwners

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasOwners() bool`

HasOwners returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSharedScope

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetSharedScope() string`

GetSharedScope returns the SharedScope field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSharedScopeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetSharedScopeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSharedScopeOk returns a tuple with the SharedScope field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSharedScope

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetSharedScope(v string)`

SetSharedScope sets SharedScope field to given value.

### HasSharedScope

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasSharedScope() bool`

HasSharedScope returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTags

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetTags() []MoTag`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetTagsOk() (*[]MoTag, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetTags(v []MoTag)`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVersionContext

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetVersionContext() MoVersionContext`

GetVersionContext returns the VersionContext field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionContextOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetVersionContextOk() (*MoVersionContext, bool)`

GetVersionContextOk returns a tuple with the VersionContext field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersionContext

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetVersionContext(v MoVersionContext)`

SetVersionContext sets VersionContext field to given value.

### HasVersionContext

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasVersionContext() bool`

HasVersionContext returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAncestors

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetAncestors() []MoBaseMoRelationship`

GetAncestors returns the Ancestors field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAncestorsOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetAncestorsOk() (*[]MoBaseMoRelationship, bool)`

GetAncestorsOk returns a tuple with the Ancestors field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAncestors

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetAncestors(v []MoBaseMoRelationship)`

SetAncestors sets Ancestors field to given value.

### HasAncestors

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasAncestors() bool`

HasAncestors returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAncestorsNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetAncestorsNil(b bool)`

 SetAncestorsNil sets the value for Ancestors to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAncestors
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) UnsetAncestors()`

UnsetAncestors ensures that no value is present for Ancestors, not even an explicit nil
### GetParent

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetParent() MoBaseMoRelationship`

GetParent returns the Parent field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParentOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetParentOk() (*MoBaseMoRelationship, bool)`

GetParentOk returns a tuple with the Parent field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParent

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetParent(v MoBaseMoRelationship)`

SetParent sets Parent field to given value.

### HasParent

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasParent() bool`

HasParent returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPermissionResources

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetPermissionResources() []MoBaseMoRelationship`

GetPermissionResources returns the PermissionResources field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPermissionResourcesOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetPermissionResourcesOk() (*[]MoBaseMoRelationship, bool)`

GetPermissionResourcesOk returns a tuple with the PermissionResources field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPermissionResources

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetPermissionResources(v []MoBaseMoRelationship)`

SetPermissionResources sets PermissionResources field to given value.

### HasPermissionResources

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasPermissionResources() bool`

HasPermissionResources returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPermissionResourcesNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetPermissionResourcesNil(b bool)`

 SetPermissionResourcesNil sets the value for PermissionResources to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPermissionResources
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) UnsetPermissionResources()`

UnsetPermissionResources ensures that no value is present for PermissionResources, not even an explicit nil
### GetDisplayNames

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetDisplayNames() map[string][]string`

GetDisplayNames returns the DisplayNames field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayNamesOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetDisplayNamesOk() (*map[string][]string, bool)`

GetDisplayNamesOk returns a tuple with the DisplayNames field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayNames

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetDisplayNames(v map[string][]string)`

SetDisplayNames sets DisplayNames field to given value.

### HasDisplayNames

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasDisplayNames() bool`

HasDisplayNames returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDisplayNamesNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetDisplayNamesNil(b bool)`

 SetDisplayNamesNil sets the value for DisplayNames to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDisplayNames
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) UnsetDisplayNames()`

UnsetDisplayNames ensures that no value is present for DisplayNames, not even an explicit nil
### GetDescription

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEndTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetEndTime() time.Time`

GetEndTime returns the EndTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndTimeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetEndTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEndTimeOk returns a tuple with the EndTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetEndTime(v time.Time)`

SetEndTime sets EndTime field to given value.

### HasEndTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasEndTime() bool`

HasEndTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFailureReason

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetFailureReason() string`

GetFailureReason returns the FailureReason field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFailureReasonOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetFailureReasonOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFailureReasonOk returns a tuple with the FailureReason field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFailureReason

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetFailureReason(v string)`

SetFailureReason sets FailureReason field to given value.

### HasFailureReason

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasFailureReason() bool`

HasFailureReason returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetInput() interface{}`

GetInput returns the Input field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInputOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetInputOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetInputOk returns a tuple with the Input field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetInput(v interface{})`

SetInput sets Input field to given value.

### HasInput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasInput() bool`

HasInput returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetInputNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetInputNil(b bool)`

 SetInputNil sets the value for Input to be an explicit nil

### UnsetInput
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) UnsetInput()`

UnsetInput ensures that no value is present for Input, not even an explicit nil
### GetInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetInstId() string`

GetInstId returns the InstId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstIdOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetInstIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstIdOk returns a tuple with the InstId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetInstId(v string)`

SetInstId sets InstId field to given value.

### HasInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasInstId() bool`

HasInstId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInternal

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetInternal() bool`

GetInternal returns the Internal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInternalOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetInternalOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetInternalOk returns a tuple with the Internal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInternal

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetInternal(v bool)`

SetInternal sets Internal field to given value.

### HasInternal

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasInternal() bool`

HasInternal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLabel

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetLabel() string`

GetLabel returns the Label field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLabelOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetLabelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLabelOk returns a tuple with the Label field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLabel

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetLabel(v string)`

SetLabel sets Label field to given value.

### HasLabel

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasLabel() bool`

HasLabel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMessage

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetMessage() []WorkflowMessage`

GetMessage returns the Message field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetMessageOk() (*[]WorkflowMessage, bool)`

GetMessageOk returns a tuple with the Message field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessage

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetMessage(v []WorkflowMessage)`

SetMessage sets Message field to given value.

### HasMessage

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasMessage() bool`

HasMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOutput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetOutput() interface{}`

GetOutput returns the Output field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOutputOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetOutputOk() (*interface{}, bool)`

GetOutputOk returns a tuple with the Output field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOutput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetOutput(v interface{})`

SetOutput sets Output field to given value.

### HasOutput

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasOutput() bool`

HasOutput returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetOutputNil

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetOutputNil(b bool)`

 SetOutputNil sets the value for Output to be an explicit nil

### UnsetOutput
`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) UnsetOutput()`

UnsetOutput ensures that no value is present for Output, not even an explicit nil
### GetRefName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetRefName() string`

GetRefName returns the RefName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRefNameOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetRefNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRefNameOk returns a tuple with the RefName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRefName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetRefName(v string)`

SetRefName sets RefName field to given value.

### HasRefName

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasRefName() bool`

HasRefName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRetryCount

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetRetryCount() int64`

GetRetryCount returns the RetryCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRetryCountOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetRetryCountOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetRetryCountOk returns a tuple with the RetryCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRetryCount

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetRetryCount(v int64)`

SetRetryCount sets RetryCount field to given value.

### HasRetryCount

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasRetryCount() bool`

HasRetryCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRunningInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetRunningInstId() string`

GetRunningInstId returns the RunningInstId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRunningInstIdOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetRunningInstIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRunningInstIdOk returns a tuple with the RunningInstId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRunningInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetRunningInstId(v string)`

SetRunningInstId sets RunningInstId field to given value.

### HasRunningInstId

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasRunningInstId() bool`

HasRunningInstId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStartTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetStartTime() time.Time`

GetStartTime returns the StartTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartTimeOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetStartTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetStartTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetStartTime(v time.Time)`

SetStartTime sets StartTime field to given value.

### HasStartTime

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasStartTime() bool`

HasStartTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaskInstIdList

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetTaskInstIdList() []WorkflowTaskRetryInfo`

GetTaskInstIdList returns the TaskInstIdList field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaskInstIdListOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetTaskInstIdListOk() (*[]WorkflowTaskRetryInfo, bool)`

GetTaskInstIdListOk returns a tuple with the TaskInstIdList field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaskInstIdList

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetTaskInstIdList(v []WorkflowTaskRetryInfo)`

SetTaskInstIdList sets TaskInstIdList field to given value.

### HasTaskInstIdList

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasTaskInstIdList() bool`

HasTaskInstIdList returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetSubWorkflowInfo() WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship`

GetSubWorkflowInfo returns the SubWorkflowInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubWorkflowInfoOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetSubWorkflowInfoOk() (*WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship, bool)`

GetSubWorkflowInfoOk returns a tuple with the SubWorkflowInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetSubWorkflowInfo(v WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship)`

SetSubWorkflowInfo sets SubWorkflowInfo field to given value.

### HasSubWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasSubWorkflowInfo() bool`

HasSubWorkflowInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaskDefinition

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetTaskDefinition() WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship`

GetTaskDefinition returns the TaskDefinition field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaskDefinitionOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetTaskDefinitionOk() (*WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship, bool)`

GetTaskDefinitionOk returns a tuple with the TaskDefinition field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaskDefinition

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetTaskDefinition(v WorkflowTaskDefinitionRelationship)`

SetTaskDefinition sets TaskDefinition field to given value.

### HasTaskDefinition

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasTaskDefinition() bool`

HasTaskDefinition returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetWorkflowInfo() WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship`

GetWorkflowInfo returns the WorkflowInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetWorkflowInfoOk

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) GetWorkflowInfoOk() (*WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship, bool)`

GetWorkflowInfoOk returns a tuple with the WorkflowInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) SetWorkflowInfo(v WorkflowWorkflowInfoRelationship)`

SetWorkflowInfo sets WorkflowInfo field to given value.

### HasWorkflowInfo

`func (o *WorkflowTaskInfoRelationship) HasWorkflowInfo() bool`

HasWorkflowInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


